Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/q9o3md/fuck_cummybot9999_disstrack/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Fuck CummyBot9999 by xSerpentine.
The Cult of Integral LP.

(Intro)
CummyBot nine nine nine nine,
suck my cock it's ya' time time time,
because I'm back with a rhyme rhyme rhyme,
It's ya' boi: xSerpentine.

(Verse 1)
I'm sick of seeing you, a rip-off Cummy 2,
under every damn post whilst ya tryna to break through:
It won't happen, your goals are simply misshapen,
the role that you stole from your former was taken.
How dare you try to snatch your master's legacy -
when it's clear you're only here to commit heresy -
it's pathetic see? How you besmirch someone else's name
because we loved them and we'd fuck them whereas you are just lame.
This shit ain't a game brother, this shit is gettin' tougher,
posts made one after the other competing with one another
to be the greatest, based-ist, copypasta tale,
with Cummy 2 we could laugh but your just making it stale.
You have failed in your mission to be the bot that'd be hailed,
as the most wonderful masterful reposter to avail:
please derail, we're begging you; we truly wish for you to leave
and don't come back you cunt. Just let us cummies prevail.

(Chorus)
Because we want the old Cummy back,
because we want the power to hold the fake back,
because we want the old Cummy back,
so fuck off back to your shithole shack!
Because we want our CummyBot two back,
because we want the power to hold the fake back,
because we want our CummyBot two back,
and we'll do this rap until your fucking whacked.

(Verse 2)
It's ya' boy xSerpentine the integral mastermind,
who writes to pass his time or in this case just writes a rhyme,
to get-rid-of-this vile, disgraceful, piece-of-work thieving pile,
of shit... the bot that dared step on the tits of the
bits of history that I care for that give us pride,
so sit back my cummy friends and enjoy my lines,
'cus tonights' the night where we demand it's our right,
to insist this prick fuck off and be banned for his crimes!
(... Jesus christ... I'm gonna end up burying this bot alive).
So now do we see, why nine can't stand up to me?
Or any other fuckin' bot or user in our story?
You know it's funny, I never thought it would ever get worse
than when they killed emoji but man this I could not foresee -
even happening. Like the fappening.
But I'll keep on writing, till the time I sink:
but I don't think I'll ever fall off or be out thought,
I'll just carry on posting and doing my thing.

(Chorus x2)
Because we want the old Cummy back,
because we want the power to hold the fake back,
because we want the old Cummy back,
so fuck off back to your shithole shack!
Because we want our CummyBot two back,
because we want the power to hold the fake back,
because we want our CummyBot two back,
and we'll do this rap until your fucking whacked.