Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nsj40d/before_the_cum_ran_out/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


You stand in front of the door barely visible in front of you. All the lights in the house are out except the room behind the door and light is trailing from the edges and underneath. You glance to the side, nervous at the prospect of what you might find inside. As you turn your head, the paintings of the man you're most afraid of following your every move, a vicious smirk slowly forming on their faces. You breathe in heavily.

Placing a hand on the cum-stained doorknob, you enter the room. Unfortunately for you, the rumors are true - YandreDev, the man you fear the most, is inside this room. However, you are in luck - YandreDev is wearing headphones and playing anime games. "Perhaps I can just grab the cum chalice and leave." you think to yourself. You need the cum chalice; you've read the prophecy and you know it's the only cure to the great cum-ending disease.

A loud crash is suddenly heard and you make the mistake of your life. You screamed. You hear bones crack as YandreDev's head whips around 180 degrees to face you. His subpar facial hair flows off and his face expands to match a fatter version of himself. Mortified, you turn around and dash for the exit... but the door is locked, jammed with cum that has been forming between the door and hinge since you entered.

You turn around and drop your flashlight at the sight of the new beast. His eyes have expanded, more horizontally than vertically and his pupils are the size of his old nose. His nose has become less curved and wider too, with distinct lines between his nose and cheeks. His mouth is locked into an eternal, wicked grin, teeth-baring at you in glee. Suddenly, the light goes out and YandreDev's skin glows a mysterious lavender.

"You shouldn't have cum here, hater." In a fraction of a second, YandreDev's face rushes towards your own, whilst his body stands in place, motionless. "Now run." his voice whispers. Hearing the door open behind you, you sprint out of the room, body shaking. You don't bother to pick up the flashlight, afraid of what you might see as you leave. A distorted voice shouts telepathically in your head, counting down from five. "Ready or not, here I cum!" Large, rapid footsteps can be heard from where you were last running, more rapid than your own. A crackling, manic laugh oscillates through the damned house. You see the exit. Running as fast as your legs can take you, you open the door and jump through. You're finally safe from YandreDev.

You land on a cold, cum-ridden floor - it was a trap. Through the magic of shitty code, you have teleported to the basement. In front of you, YandreDev stands tall, peering down at you with a cum chalice in his hand. "So, you want the cum chalice?" You shake your head, crying; it's no use. "Open wide." YandreDev begins to pour burning cum from the chalice down your throat. You struggle, screaming in pain, but nothing stops the mad developer. It goes on forever and you begin to feel a burning in your lungs. You cough up blood and cum as YandreDev giggles sadistically. You close your eyes in defeat, wishing for death.

What feels like hours pass by and eventually you open your eyes. You are in your room, no YandreDev insight. Your throat is fine, too. Your face beams; it was just a dream. You rush to the bathroom to have a shower and get undressed. It's then when you notice a cum-chalice shaped mark in the middle of your chess. Your body shakes - it was not a dream. You can't help but break down, failing to fight the oncoming tears as you weep on the bathroom floor. As you sit down, you notice your ass is in pain too. Putting two and two together, you weep harder, wailing at your misfortune to be raped and tortured by such a cruel man. Sad thoughts bounce around in your head and you see the faces of the paintings as you close your eyes. "It's your fault," they say in your mind, over and over again. Then, a different voice,

"Go and masturbate." You gladly take the offer, wanting to forget your now miserable existence.  You're lying down in your bed, bringing your hands to your mouth once more to lubricate your penis. You've been masturbating for one hour now, yet you still haven't cum and your penis is beginning to absorb your saliva, becoming a sticky, burning hot rod. Furiously, you begin to accelerate your masturbation rapidly. By two hours, your cock is burning in pain yet there is not a single drop of cum - not even precum.

You think back to the reason why you attempted to steal the cum chalice. It can't be, surely?