Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nr0qtx/theres_no_more_cum_left_on_earth/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


You're lying down in your bed, bringing your hands to your mouth once more to lubricate your penis. You've been masturbating for one hour now, yet you still haven't come and your penis is beginning to absorb your saliva, becoming a sticky, burning hot rod. Furiously, you begin to accelerate your masturbation rapidly. By two hours, your cock is burning in pain yet there is not a single drop of cum - not even precum.

Meanwhile, next door, a girl is masturbating too, on stream, but they can't reach orgasm. In desperation, the girl has resorted to using multiple dildos inside her pussy, but even that is no use. The girl then makes a makeshift sex machine from a dildo and an electric power tool - once again, this is futile. She punches her pillow in defeat.

By three hours, you've given up trying to cum and gone downstairs to watch more anime. However, upon seeing an anime girl fall over and have a panty shot, you feel the need to cum again. Biting your arm to lead the pain away from your penis, you rapidly masturbate. By four hours, you're screaming as your rough masturbation soon rips the skin cells off your dick. Your cock is now a burning red giant, but there is no cum left - any precum that was there has evaporated.

Meanwhile, the girl screams too - not because of finally reaching orgasm, but because they've gone so long without one that they've resorted to anything. Rapidly pushing the small cactus in and outside of herself, the girl's toes curl on bed sheets as blood flows out from her vaginal entrance. body spasming in pain - but still, she does not orgasm. The world is getting even more desperate.

Suddenly, you get a discord notification from a friend, saying they've been trying to cum to Dream x George fanfiction, but they've ended up making their cock a, quote, "burning red giant." Your eyes open in shock horror - it can't be, can it? You rush to the television to ask your waifu how to resolve this mystery when you find that the TV has replaced the anime with an emergency government announcement - there's a new disease-preventing orgasm... and it's contagious. You feel as if you're about to faint, quickly looking up if there's a cure - there is none. You screech in anger, knowing that your waifu will never love you if you can't pour semen all over a shitty printout of her.

Meanwhile, the girl cries, double fisting her bleeding self as she shrieks in rage, desperate to orgasm. What on Earth can a female do in life if they cannot orgasm? The girl is realising her chatterbate viewers are going down - she *needs* this orgasm. Realising that there is no hope, she illogically becomes even more desperate, suddenly barging into her brother's room, who is lying naked on the floor, dick ripped off next to a knife; the disease has claimed its first victim. She shoves the dick in her pussy, crying as the lactic acid burns her arm as she rapidly accelerates her brother's dethatched cock in and out, but it's no use: she has the disease.

Suddenly, both of them stop. There's a large siren and a warning appears on the televisions of every house in the world, "There is no more cum." The world quickly devolves and you hear a car crash into your house. Out of nowhere, a man grabs you by the neck, desperately shoving his cock in your ass in the need of cum, raping you. Yet, it's no use - the man has the disease, and so do you. Luckily, there's a gun to the side and you manage to pry the discord moderator off, before killing him.

Given a few weeks, society practically doesn't exist - it's like the apocalypse. Crime rates have skyrocketed as people loot dildo shops. The hospitals are beginning to crumble as more and more women show up with more and more exotic accidents. Meanwhile, men are being completely taken over by their horniness: a female reporter is stood outside, reporting where the disease was first reported, and you feel the urge. You and the cameraman both turn on her trust, stripping her down and savagely pummelling her, but it's no use - you can not cum. The woman shouts,  enraged too, for she can not orgasm either. Children in high school are too scared to go outside and you don't blame them, knowing what sickening lows you may succumb to once this disease truly takes control. Other children, who had already been on discord and thus knew about sex thanks to the moderators, have begun spiraling into madness too - high schools have become orgies, with devastating costs to the country IQ, you think.

Eighty years pass and the human population plummets. Listening to Prokofiev's "Death of Tybalt" in your asylum room, you attempt to masturbate one more time. Unbeknownst to you, you're the last human on the planet. Entire families have killed each other, each one raping the other corpse, foolishly believing from online sources that necrophilia was the cure. Men and women have killed themselves in spectacular accidents, dying in human crushes as hundreds of orgy-goers suffocate naked. Young teenagers have formed sex cults, praying to bizarre dank memes whilst furiously fucking each other in the hope that somehow, a fucking meme removes the symptoms of a disease. Like you though, the IQ of the general population has lowered. However, you know better, you know there's no cure so you separated yourself from the idiots, hiding away in this asylum with a few staff who have recently died too... And you still can't cum. Wailing in sadness, you scratch and tear at your cock, wishing it to hell. Eventually, with enough force, you rip your sexual organ clean off and force it into your metal handcuffs.

"What's this?" You think - it worked. The handcuffs are unlocked. You look outside to the asylum balcony. You can finally escape this petty world. "How men and women have fallen so far." You think, "To go from civil creatures to savage beasts, killing and raping everything in their path." You shake your head, thinking of the NatGeoWild documentaries you used to watch about savage apes. With a curse to the sky, the disease claims its last life as the host throws itself off the balcony. Human life is gone and now, the disease has become animal born too. A few thousand years pass and there are no complex life forms at all...

There's no more cum left on Earth.