Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nxrp41/police_report_regarding_yandredev/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


A man met YandreDev for the first time; his diary was later collected. . .

"Even as I write this I can see him stating at me, winking at me through the r/copypasta avatar. He knows I'm here, he knows my address, he knows what I've done wrong and I know that he wants me to be his. Every time I close my head I see his head expanding, getting fatter and wider, metamorphosing into a beast of pure Lovecraftian nature.

I can see him now, outside, waving at me softly. The wind is howling with laughter as it watches me in my room, curl up into a ball, and cry. Suddenly, a hear a cry whose voice is louder - YandreDev is manically laughing outside, the same damn laugh throughout all these posts.

Do you not understand? All of these r/copypasta posts, all of these r/copypasta readers, they're all YandreDev. You are YandreDev, I am YandreDev, everyone is YandreDev. I can hear him coming through the door, although it may be me coming through his, I am uncertain for, regarding YandreDev in particular, nothing is certain and everything is nothing - a vapor, a wisp of smoke is who this terrible man is.

I can see him down the stairs. It's dark - very dark, as if the light is being sucked by him - if he reaches me it will not be the light getting sucked on its own no more. A full-blown, photon orgy may occur. It's as if I can just barely make out his face, grinning at me. It's like using a paint editor, and setting the black to just a little bit lighter than black - he's there, but the form is always changing. One minute he smiles, the next he cries, the next he stares blankly, and the next minute he's in my room, a small innocent smile on him."

Following this, investigators also found a frantic note...

"You can not even begin to see what I have seen - Goodbye, Cummy Abusers. I give warning, the legend of YandreDev is true - I have seen it with my own eyes. Everything they say about him, the expanding face, the eyes - big, beady eyes. The neck cracking as it turns 180 degrees before charging at you giggling like a child - it's all true and I've seen it. I want out of a world with things such as this."

The man was found dead, sleeping pills in hand...