Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/s2bjri/the_telephone/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


He was bored, but he had an idea. The man glanced at the telephone beside him a few times, grinning as he did so. Licking his lips, he stood up. Old Cheeto dust flaked off his stained shirt as he wobbled over to the telephone. However, he did not grab it. Instead, he bit his lips and reached down to the draw. Opening the damp, wooden container up, he obtained the lotion — the first item in his quest. 'I'm going to have some fun with others'.

He eyed the telephone again, lost in his thoughts. He went over the plan in his head fifty times over: it needed to work the first time. Finally, he made a move. Squirting the cold, viscous lotion on his hand and the phone was easy; the hard part was getting his ass prepared for the mission. He first inserted a single finger into himself, then two, then three, all the way up to his fist. After spending twenty minutes thanking the Lord for his convenient fist shape (which had the same diameter as the end of the telephone), his plan began.

He clapped his hands excitedly before dialling the first number; this was it; there was no turning back now. Following a small wait, a woman on the end of the line answered.

'Hello, welcome to St Mary's primary school reception. How can I help you?' The man grinned as he heard such innocence in the woman's voice — nothing lasts forever.

'I'd like to report an issue with my son, dear.'

'An issue? What sort of issue, sir?' The man giggled down the phone. For a brief moment, the woman on the other end shivered. The giggling was in the uncanny valley; it was human, yet not.

'An issue with his,' he let out a belch, 'father'.

'OK, and what's the issue?'

'His dad has gone insane, baby girl.' Quickly, the man moved the end of the telephone to his ass and let out a massive, Earth-shattering stinker. His lips bent to form a cruel smile as he inserted the object into himself. He swore he could hear the woman at the end of the line crying, repeatedly muttering something about not being paid enough. In any case, he did not care. All he knew was that his plan was working; with each disgusted reaction, he grew more powerful.

Eventually, he hung up the phone. Although, it wouldn't be long before he dialled his next victim. This time, he decided to ring his local FBI office.
'Hello, who is this?'

'I would like to report a crime'.
'What sort of crime—'

'A crime against humanity'. Another release of hot, vile gas escaped from the man's ass just above the end of the phone. He bit his lips as he began to ride the telephone a little, hearing the FBI worker calling various colours out to his colleagues.

The plan was going quite well for the man, up until he heard the faint sound of a helicopter hovering above his house. His eyes widened for a moment, but he quickly relaxed; this would be an easy fight, no doubt. Getting his pants back up, he snuck out of his house's front door. The helicopter eventually spots him, but it's too late. Suddenly, the man bent over and let out an absolute monster. The ground shook with the force of a magnitude six earthquake, and the city's people started to scream. Customary to earthquakes, the air became electrified. Unfortunately for the chopper, a bolt of lightning struck it. The helicopter quickly spun out of control, and the few men inside had to jump out. Each member of the FBI squad let out a pained shout as they felt their shins snap, but there was no time to worry about that; they had a job to do.

Raising their guns, the FBI squad pressed their triggers. Another malicious grin grew on the man's face as the team backed away nervously. 'Foolish men'.
'Why the hell won't it shoot?' One of the members gasped in panic. The man patted his chest pocket.

'I have something in here expanding the copper in your bullets. You can't shoot me now, Simon'. The panicked FBI crew dropped their guns. How on Earth did he know their names?

Their questions did not matter. Their faces went white with dread and horror as a large, fleshy tendril erupted out from behind the man — faeces, blood, and semen covered it. The tendril extended rapidly and far, zooming forward and wrapping itself around every member's neck, like a dog weaving between weave poles. It didn't matter now; nothing mattered now. The world for the FBI team quickly grew blacker and blacker, the screaming from the earthquake, and the odour, still ever-present. Just on the brink of a foul, gruesome death, one of the members sobbed a question — a single, desperate question.

'Who are you?'

The creature smiled and whispered in his ear.