Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/ne353r/my_masturbation_habit_rapidly_evolving_into_a/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Prelude.

Before I developed this habit, I would masturbate in what is seen as the regular, or "normal" way. I would stimulate my sexual organs while emitting low amplitude sound waves from my voice box. Upon reaching climax, I would ejaculate into a tissue and then flush the tissue down the toilet. If desperate, I would ejaculate into a sock and then place the sock in the washing basket. However, I have developed what I consider to be a positive habit, that is not only entertaining but also encourages me to stimulate my sexual organs even more. I should note that this may not be seen as normal, but I still believe it is reasonable.

Nowadays, when ejaculating, I like to ejaculate upon all objects in my proximity. For example, the other day I was stimulating my sexual organs and noticed that I was standing next to a wall, so I ejaculated upon the wall, shooting jets of semen across it. Furthermore, due to a medical condition, I produce significantly more semen than the average male homo sapien and so the wall was covered with a significantly high amount of semen. Another example of my habit is when I was masturbating and noticed my cactus sitting on the window sill. Upon reaching the climax, I ejaculated into the plant pot that contained the plant.


Motive.

You may be wondering why I am doing this or how I developed this habit. It is all because I have a devilish fantasy that, one day, I will leave this building for a new one and my landlord will have to clean the building (as I will purposely leave it slightly messy). However, little will the landlord know that he will be touching and cleaning layers upon layers of my semen by the time I am done with this building. This thought makes me grin - I can picture it now, being a God among men as other men are forced to clean the produce of my ever-ejaculating sexual organs. In fact, this thought makes me grin so much that I have developed a few strategies for optimal semen coverage.


Strategies.

Strategy 1. "The Helicopter".

To maximize the quantity of area a single ejaculation can cover, I sometimes begin to spin my penis fast as I ejaculate, shooting my semen out all around the building, bending, twisting and rotating due to the Coriolis effect. Following mathematical analysis, I have determined that doing this increases my spread by approximately (89 ± 1.0)%. This was achieved by measuring a large area in an empty room and ejaculating in the room several times. For each ejaculation, the amount of area covered in semen was measured and the room was cleaned for testing again. After normally ejaculating five times, the helicopter method strategy was used five times and the data were analysed by myself.


Strategy 2. "The Balloon".

Once I have deemed a particular room to be well occupied by layers of my semen, I then look for any specific areas that may need extra attention. One of the strategies for dealing with these areas is the balloon. Just before ejaculating, I pull my sexual organ's foreskin above the glans and forcefully close it as I am ejaculating, allowing semen to build up under my foreskin ready to be deployed. From here, I approach the area in question and begin thrusting the air and let go of my foreskin, letting semen fly towards the area. Again, I must reiterate that, due to medical conditions, there is quite a lot of semen heading to this area. Following mathematical analysis, I have determined this method to be highly successful, covering at least (98 ± 1.0)% of the area in question with my semen, along with collateral damage to other areas being a bonus. Furthermore, this strategy has multiple modes. Another mode that is a favourite of mine is what I dub the "tap" mode, as, due to the amount of semen I produce, I can make semen spray out of my foreskin like holding your thumb under a tap.


Outside assistances.

It must be noted that I have recently come into possession of various outside assistance that makes my mission much easier. For a start, I have allowed and convinced my sister to use the building as a place to set up her orgies under one, strict condition: all attendees must implement the same methods and objectives that I have (i.e all attendees must ejaculate upon all objects in their proximity). Furthermore, all women must "squirt" or urinate upon all objects in their proximity. Another outside assistance I have had comes from my decision to allow all prostitutes into the building to have sexual intercourse without being noticed by the police (via a secret back entrance) as long as they follow the same strict condition subjected to the orgies attendees.

These outside assistances have highly benefitted me in my goals. Upon further assessment, it has been revealed that the rate of the area being covered by semen in this building has increased by 482% (m²w⁻¹ where w represents one week). However, I am also working on the ultimate project.


The ultimate project - Project "Cum Chalice".

I am currently creating a "cum chalice", a special type of chalice that holds semen (in reality, it is a liquid storage tank). All orgies attendees and prostitutes must ejaculate into this large chalice at least once every three days to keep the deal alive. The chalice in question, https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/843656562592579606/843656603438022656/tank.jpg, can hold approximately 1000 litres of semen and currently has 0.4 litres of semen inside it. After the chalice is filled, the semen will flood the building via a hose. Furthermore, the hose will be placed on the top floor of the apartment, allowing the semen to flow down the stairs and into other rooms.


Conclusion.

My masturbation habit is rapidly evolving into a bioweapon. Soon, the whole building and all the people who live in it will be flooded with my semen. Then, the landlord will clean be forced to clean it all up, not realising that, while he cleans the semen from the ultimate project, he is surrounded by years old semen watching his every movement. That, my friends, is the ultimate fore bringer of my grin.