Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/ngdwb1/i_am_sexually_attracted_to_a_mathematics_symbol/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


The integral symbol ( ∫ ) is the sexiest symbol in all of mathematics.

When in high resolution, the integral symbol ( ∫ ) is the sexiest symbol in all of mathematics. The symmetry of the symbol is beautiful and its presence on many classical instruments, makes it a formal, upper-class hottie. Furthermore, the integral symbol represents integration, which is a fundamental mathematical concept - meaning it is one step below addition, subtraction, multiplication and division (which make up all of mathematics) in regards to its importance, making this symbol a symbol of mathematical royalty in its own right. The partial differentiation symbol ( ∂ ) looks cool too, I suppose, but the slimness of the integral symbol makes it even hotter.

Words can not describe just how much I would love to lick the neck of the integral symbol, just under the head. Words can not describe just how much I'd use my ever-touching hands to stroke and caress its beautiful chest whilst softly tonguing my dear.

I would love to be in one of those hot, hentai scenes with an integral symbol - could you imagine. Imagine, for a moment, that you're having steamy, rough sex with this beauty and, as you're about to cum, you pull and rub it's tail, causing the symbol to suddenly go full Ahegao as your release you semen into its warm, moist mouth. Imagine then just staring at the integral symbol as you see its head with cum dripping off it, cum splattered all over its chest and of course that tail, vibrating rapidly as you admire your work making the sweet symbol orgasm uncontrollable. Man, I wish I could fuck the integral symbol. Plus, it looks like a hooded Cobra if you draw it right, and snakes are hot as fuck - I'm in a sexual relationship with a highly intelligent Python myself, but I think we're getting off topic.

The point is that there is no other symbol in mathematics sexier or more gracious the simple, sublime, slender integral. It truly is mathematics most beautiful symbol, stemming from mathematics' most beautiful topic. Jesus I wish I could just make it mine and fuck it hard.