Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nq1tch/a_copypasta_to_give_to_dream_stans/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


This post is a bit one-sided (lol), but it serves the purpose of pissing them off I suppose.

> Submits a fake speedrun to a legitimate community who are just trying to have fun and fair competition.

> "Calls out" the moderation team for removing said fake speedrun for being "clout chasers", when they're just doing their job.

> "Calls out" Geosquare, in particular, (referring to him as a clown) despite knowing that he's just doing his job and despite knowing that at least a large minority of your fanbase act like rabid dogs on the streets of India, in other words, be willfully ignorant, or at least appear to be ignorant for something more insidious - one of the two.

> Panics when he realises an entire, mathematical document has been released with the sole purpose of getting him to fuck off talking shit and just own up to what should have been a very simple lie to own up to.

> Decides to go on a smear campaign of the moderation team and report that mods are leaving because they're all just so unprofessional and biased and that the whole investigation into this fake speedrun is a joke.

> Realises that this isn't working so goes through the hassle of hiring an uncredited, Harvard astrophysics professor (because having a degree in the physics of space makes you an expert on Minecraft statistics) who determines that the chances of him not cheating are one in one-hundred-million (so not even that helpful in proving he didn't cheat anyway lol). Also claim any opposing papers are all bullshit and patronise the moderation team for just being kids, who therefore can not do the maths.

> Panics as he realises that his shitty debunk got debunked itself in about two hours on fucking Reddit of all places lmao.

> Censors his subreddit and also posts some dumb shit that isn't that important.

> Removes proof video after a while because he knows that no one except those who are already loyal to him no matter what is buying it, making him look like even more of a cunt, both in the video staying up and in the process of deleting said video (in other words, he checkmated himself).

> Finally, when all the drama has died down, and no one cares anymore, releases a weird apology on Twitter where are apologies for accidentally cheating, because apologising for purposefully cheating would just be too much, I guess.

Yeah this Clay fella seems like a real fucking blast to support.