Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/new9at/a_guide_on_creating_various_semen_bombs_by/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Serious warning.

Many semen bombs described throughout this document are harmless. However, that does not mean that every semen bomb in this document can not be utilized, with the correct equipment/knowledge, to be a significant semen bomb threat. By reading this document, you agree that I hold no responsibility for any stupid actions that you take or loss of limbs/life.


Introduction.


What is a semen bomb?

A semen bomb is any device that, upon execution, releases much semen in any given area. It should be noted that, while semen bombs can utilize explosives, a semen bomb does not have to be explosive to be considered as such. An example of this would be filling a balloon with semen then throwing it at someone in your local park - it would be a semen bomb, but is unlikely to cause any explosive damage to the target in question.


Purposes of a semen bomb.

There are many purposes for making a semen bomb. For a start, throwing a semen bomb at random strangers, while making you a massive cunt, is quite funny. However, semen bombs have many other significant uses. For example, they can be utilized during riots to bomb government officials/puppets with semen or can be used to increase the chances of pregnancy.


Semen bomb designs (WARNING: Potentially dangerous or dangerous bombs are capitalised).

Design #1: Basic semen bomb.

The basic semen bomb is, likely, the design that immediately popped into your head when reading the opening paragraphs. It is simply a large balloon or condom filled with semen, that can then be thrown at people to cover them with semen. The most optimal way to do this is to stand on top of a large building and throw semen bombs at pedestrians walking by, similar to how they used to play pranks on YouTube. However, other, more daring methods include throwing semen bombs at people from a car or, even more daring, just walking up to people and throwing semen bombs at them. These last two methods of deployment are more daring because, if the light goes on red, or the person is faster than you, your ass will, quite rightly, be beaten to the fucking ground. A keynote on the building method; you do not have to see them get hit by semen then spend ten minutes laughing, conveniently in everyone's view - simply throw the semen bomb then get off the roof as quickly as possible - this will make it less suspicious and you can always catch a glimpse of the target later if you must.


Design #2: Spinning semen bomb.

For this design, you will need a method of deployment. This can be anything, such as placing the semen bomb on a skateboard and giving it a light push towards the target (make sure the target does not notice you, obviously). For the semen bomb itself, you will need a balloon and a spinning motor. Fill the balloon with as much semen as possible and tightly fasten the balloon to the spinning motor - make sure you can still spin the motor without being able to touch it (e.g wireless). When ready to deploy, cut a hole into the balloon and push towards the target. Finally, activate the motor and watch as the semen fly everywhere, hopefully including your target. A bonus of this method is that this semen bomb can target multiple people and is great to deploy in schools, etcetera.


Design #3: Parachute semen bomb.

For this design, you will need to create a spinning semen bomb (see design #2). However, this time you will place the semen bomb in any parachute-like holder that is effective. From here, throw off the roof of a building and - if you designed the semen bomb correctly, it should be able to spin upon activating the motor and shoot semen all over any pedestrians below. If you design it wrong, however, it will just shoot semen onto the parachute, or just fall and potentially injure someone via the falling motor.


Design #4: BRICK SEMEN BOMB.

Deploying a brick semen bomb is incredibly tricky, as the explosive used to deploy the semen is friction-based. As a result, what usually happens is that you throw the brick that the semen bomb is strapped to at a target (for example, through the window of a house you dislike) and the semen bomb deploys as the brick hits the target's entrance (for example, the window), rather than deploying as the brick reaches the target (for example, the floor of the room you threw the brick into). To mitigate this, you will need excellent precision, making sure the brick hits the target entrance non-semen bomb side first, then lands on the semen bomb side.

To make a brick semen bomb, you will first need an extreme amount of semen. Firstly, place the semen into a cuboid mold and freeze under the semen is solidified, rock-solid. Next, you will need to purchase some Solidox (typically £5.00/$7.00). Remove all six sticks from the Solidox aluminum can and carefully grind each stick down to a fine powder (failing to do so carefully may result in loss of limbs/life). From here, mix sugar with the powder in a 1:1 ratio.

After you have made the semen brick and the explosive, strap the explosive powder to the semen brick. Now, carefully throw the brick to the target, without causing friction to the explosive powder. Hopefully, if done correctly, the brick should explode on impact, sending solid semen flying everywhere like shrapnel.


Design #5: FERTILISER SEMEN BOMB.

Firstly, make a pouch of newspaper and pour fertilizer into it. Then, place the cotton on top. Next, place a jar of semen on top of the cotton (Using glass will cause serious shrapnel, that may extend five hundred square feet depending on your stupidity). Finally, light the cotton and run for your life. Note that you can surround this bomb with more semen jars if you wish.


Anyway, there are five semen bombs. There's like, a million other designs, but they are the basics.