Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nt82j2/if_skittles_were_a_parasite/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


You lie down on your bed; you've had a horrible stomach ache all week. Suddenly, you feel as though you are about to throw up. Looking down, you notice your skin bubbling - the skittles are ready to hatch. You run to the toilet desperately but trip. An extreme amount of pain overcomes you as cry for help, rainbow juices slowly oozing out of your asshole. Then, it begins.

One by one, blistering skin legions burst and skittles fall out of your body. You screech in agony so hard that you tear your own voicebox. Desperate to fight off the pain, you punch the floor wailing, but it's no use. More and more skittles begin to burst out of your skin and a stream of skittles begins to pour out of your asshole. You try to cry some more but can't - something is blocking the tears. Once more, you try to let off an alarmed shout as your eyes begin to bulge out of your sockets, skittles pouring out of the side of them. Your entire body convulses in pain and your stomach swells to the size of a baseball.

Finally, it explodes. A wave of indescribable pain rushes to your mind via the many, ripped nerves. Your intestines and other organs fly out of your body as literally thousands of skittles burst of you, some flying up to five feet away from your body. Your anal passage also ruptures and soon you are suffering from internal bleeding, but with skittles. 

Eventually, it's all over. Your entire body begins to expand more and more, rainbow semen spraying out of every pour in your skin. You cry your final tears, unable to imagine how traumatized your parents will look when they find your grotesque body. Your entire body blows up, millions of skittles fill the room, and the primary school you are in crashes down, killing every child and teacher inside.

Investigators also get the disease and soon the entire world population begins convulsing. On the streets, skittles fly everywhere. Men and women devolve into mad rabid dogs, robbing, looting, and raping all they see to keep themselves truly primal. Others simply devolve into madness, sacrificing children to the skittles God.

When everyone is dead, only then does the last human on Earth realize the folly of humanity's ways. As they blow up, an eerie, eternal silence covers the ground where they once stood - forever.