Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nxs2zr/pov_youre_a_blaze_in_a_minecraft_blaze_farm/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


I finally escaped the rotating prison - whoever invented that thing must've been a sadist for sure. Wait... what the hell is this. Why are all the other blazes screaming? It can't be that bad...

It's bad. I just looked over and saw that whatever demon made this contraption has decided to use a rotating saw to kill blazes. As I saw my fellow blaze land on the saw, her eyes must've expanded by at least two times, screaming her lungs out. I could blood rushing out of her vagina - typical of a demon to target this area with a saw soon. Then, I saw her rods being twisted, crushed, and mangled from all sides, Redstone walls closing in. She was in agony and holy hell was it traumatic to watch. She was kept there crying and wailing for a solid five minutes before the saw passed through her whole vaginal passage and uterus, intestines, and finally, her core, killing her in, final, cruel swoop. Wait a minute... it's my turn next. Wait, no, stop!

I... it hurts so much. I've shattered my voice box screaming and the others are screaming too - we're all screaming in the blaze zoo now. My vagina feels like it's being ripped apart, and not in a good way. I can feel the wall's skin being shredded as this saw acts of the jaws of death, eating me out hungrily and lapping up the blood and flesh. It's agonizing, truly. Wait, there's now a new pain. Holy shit there is definitely a new pain. It feels as if my entire arms are being ripped from my body - my rods are leaking pure plasma from the heat being generated by this. Was it not bad enough for this demon? To live on fire in hell, choking constantly on our own fumes? Clearly not. I just feel and hear the bones snapping and cracking and groaning as they are pressed closer and closer to my core. 

Fuck, oh God... Oh, GOD! Oh my fucking God I need to die right now, I can feel my broken arms crushing into my core... I... I can't think straight at all. I need to scream but I can't, the screaming of the others is getting louder too, they must've been lucky enough to have their voice box last this long. Why are they doing this to us? What purpose does this service at all? I...


Steve collected the blaze rods as the blaze let out a final choke for help. Nonchalantly, he placed them in a nearby chest and headed back to the overworld.