Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/o1ig08/ive_secretly_poured_my_semen_in_beverages_for_one/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


I'm going to come out and say it: I have a weird kink - a very weird kink. I enjoy the feeling of knowing that someone is consuming my semen without their consent. I'm not sure why, but something about the mischievous, giddy tone of it all, combined with the subject matter of semen, makes my dick truly erect and ready to lock and load.

It started a year ago when my dad asked me to make him a cup of tea. Whilst doing this otherwise boring chore, I was dared by a friend I was speaking to on the phone to put my semen in the tea. Not wanting to back down from a dare, I quickly masturbated to the idea of having sex with an anthro-snake lady and came in the tea after about thirty seconds. From there, I gave my dad the tea. He liked it, but he complained about a "sort of salty jelly or goo". However, when I went upstairs I was incredibly horny - I simply needed that childish adrenaline rush again.

The next time was a week later, I simply could not help myself: I snuck into a coffee and poured some eight loads of my semen, that I had stored earlier in preparation, into the milkshake of this girl. The girl in question had gone to find her parents to bring her to the table, and the milkshake was white - in other words, it was the perfect opportunity for sabotage. You have absolutely no idea how good it felt watching the little girl down the milkshake. Put it this way, seeing the bizarre and bewildered look on this girl's face, as well as the confusion of her parents not understanding why their daughter no longer liked her favourite milkshake, was one I could only describe as "orgasmic." The sheer rush of adrenaline and sex hormones alone caused me to seed my pants.

I kept this up for weeks and weeks, for months and months. All I would do in my free time was go up to random bars and restaurants and pour my semen in someone's beverage, no matter their age or gender or anything else of the sort. My favourite time was when I had heard about a local school fair, so I saved around one-hundred-and-twenty-three loads of my semen and poured it in every single school drink the school was offering. Honestly, I do not know how I survived - by the end of the event, my adrenaline and sex hormones were so high that I actually masturbated in public with the help of a wet sponge (from the bucket I carried my semen in) and a nearby, abandoned traffic cone (obviously, I didn't do this in public public, but certainly outdoors in a public area).

You're probably wondering why I'm telling you this. Well, I've been feeling guilt for you ever since you ended up in the hospital after choking on your drink in that bar the other night. As far as I'm aware, you were so repulsed by the taste that you gripped the glass cup so hard that it fractured, resulting in swallowed shards of glass entering your lungs... Well, as it turns out, my semen had also entered your lungs. I'm sorry, I didn't think an accident like this could happen and I do not expect forgiveness but I would be honoured if you gave it to me. I poured my semen into your drink without your consent, I'm truly sorry. Along with this note, I've sent a teddy bear too for your son, who as far as I'm aware, has been deeply traumatised by the prospect of your possible death in the hospital. To be cute and to display some much-needed humour, it's white - just like my semen. My apologies, sincerely.