Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/o4alab/did_i_have_a_paranormal_furry_experience/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


"I swear to fucking God, I hate my life. Bro, I'm being genuinely serious, you know how it was my birthday right? Well, my parents invited that fucking furry over, you know, the one from class? What? No, I'm not fucking joking, he's in the opposite room now and I can hear him grunting to himself. You want me to go in? Fuck that shit, why don't you pull your ass over here and go in yourself if you're so interested."

That was the last phone call I ever gave my friend. Now, I don't want any silly comments, nor do I want to be banned, as this is a real paranormal experience, and you guys at r/Paranormal apparently want those. Furthermore, you're the only subreddit I've found that deals with the paranormal, so I just want to remind you all that this is a serious post.

After I called my friend, to my shock, he actually showed up at the door around a quarter of an hour later. I took him to the room the class furry was in and, sure enough, he was still grunting to himself. Placing a hand over my friend's mouth to stop him from laughing, I scolded him, warning him about what could happen if he founds out we've been spying on him. After all, both of our parents are strict about these kinds of "bullying" things - must've had a bad experience themselves, or be furries, I don't fucking know.

However, after standing outside the door like a pair of lemons for five minutes, the grunting stopped and it did so with a sense of urgency. At the same time, there was, what we thought at the time, a power cut. Darkness enveloped the space around us, photons running away from whatever was lurking behind the door. My friend and I gave each other a quick look before entering. There was no sign of the furry.

As we looked around the room, a soft purr oscillated around the room. My friend jumped, grabbing onto me. I scolded him mockingly about being gay without saying "no homo", but then I noticed he looked terrified, so I turned around. In front of me was what could only be described as an abomination. It was like a half-human, half-cat hybrid: its human legs were covered in cat fur, with bits of flesh and some kind of mold stuck in between like crumbs. At the groin, hips, and stomach, the human appearance became more cat-like, twisting to suit the image with rotting, red-stained bones visibly sticking out (after all, cats tend to be slimmer than humans). At the chest and higher, the appearance became more human again, although the face was almost perfectly 50:50 - some cat features, some human features. All in all, it is not something I would describe to a close friend, put it that way.

The furry didn't do anything. Its body didn't move, it didn't make any sounds other than purring and it didn't move its tail, which was sticking out of what was presumably the furries' asshole. However, one thing that did move was the eyes. No matter where we moved around the room, the eyes *always* followed us. One eye followed me and one eye followed my friend, to be precise. It was like something out of the uncanny valley and it scared the shit out of me. Getting sick of this grim vision, I turned around at attempted to open the door. It was locked.

The furry-looking ghost thing began screaming, almost like a banshee. Maybe it was a banshee, as my furry classmate was indeed Irish. My friend I both began pounding on the door desperately, begging the universe to displace us from the room. Yet, no matter how much we begged on the streets of space, time would give a nonchalant look before passing by, uninterested. When we turned around, the furry apparition was closer - it only moved when we didn't look at it.

My friend and I were crying now, desperate to blink as the apparition's claws were particularly sharp. But, as quickly as it came, it left. The power turned back on and my friend and I both fell backward out of the room before the door slammed shut. Grunting could be heard again. My friend went to open the door again to check if everything was back to normal, but I slapped his hand away with a, "Are you fucking insane?" face. We slept in the same bed that night.

The next day we met up with the furry classmate - he said he had been asleep the whole time. My now boyfriend and I still remember that day, and we both decided to make this post to this subreddit, thinking you might be able to tell us what happened that night. Remember, this is not a troll post, we want serious answers only. The only good thing to come out of this entire situation is that we are together now; happy pride month.