Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/o8j7r0/dragons_den_diddle_with_a_dildo/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


"Hello, Dragons. My name is Julia McKenzie and I'm here today to ask you for 15% of my business at £50,000. "Diddle with a dildo" connects travelers to local people who will fuck them with dildos in their homes. It's such a good site. It teaches you about different countries' dildos. I've hosted a family from New Zealand in my home in Wales and until they dined with me they didn't know that I spoke Welsh. I have been hosted by "Diddle with a dildo" members and when I was in Goa I was taken to the beach with Megana and Parish and we sipped donated semen watching the sun go down and Megana chose little plastic scrotums off the menu for me to try. It was a wonderful experience. When I started the website, I tried to promote it on Twitter and I tweeted for two months before I realized I was tweeting myself, but I can do it now. The other day I talked to a man from Venezuela  - Venezuela! And I fucked them with a dildo - I did that! I would dearly like to masturbate for you using a dildo, my sweet lava bread, and bacon if you don't mind... Thank you very much for listening to my presentation. Thank you very much."


A somewhat flighty pitch from a whimsical Julia McKenzie. The children's entertainer is on a mission to unite dildo lovers across the globe and she needs a £50,000 injection to do so. In return, she's offering 15% equity. Can Duncan Bannatyne make sense of it all?


"Can you talk and fuck at the same time?"

"Well, I'll try. It'll take my mind off it a bit, won't it?"

"Perhaps I won't be so nervous. I'll ask the easy questions, Vicki."

"That'd be good."

"How many STDs do you have?"

"1,075, so far."

"How many minors have you made fucked, or forced to fuck, with dildos?"

"Well, a student from the USA was studying in Oxford so she came and tongued with me. That day I had tonsillitis! I was in the doctor's when she arrived so my daughter had to go and meet her and she had cricked her neck. And I had tonsillitis. But we had a wonderful time. Then, we fucked with dildos."

"So that's one, then."

"No, no, no. Una in Ireland, she met up with a lady, Nina. Nina was a lot older than Una, but Una said it was as if they were destined to meet. I did that. My site was fundamental to them fucking."

"So you are totally, utterly responsible for connecting Una to "Ena"?!"

"Yes! Yes!"

"You've got to taste this pussy. It's lovely. It's really nice. Oh, dear, I've missed one. Nobody said."

"Please help yourselves..."


Such a genial atmosphere rarely prevails in the Den.


"What's in your lava bread?"

"Cum."

"Real cum?"

"Yeah. It's got sperm."

"Lovely."


But it's not Julia's culinary skills that are on offer. Peter Jones wants to bring it back to business.


"Julia, when I want to go and fuck someone with dildos, do I have to pay anything to fuck with them?"

"Oh, right. First, you would go on the search engine. You would type 'Bristol' and the members come up. Some would say they want a fee and some fuck for free."

"OK. So I would then go and meet the family..."

"Yes."

"..and have a pussy to eat and dildo."

"Yes. If you come to my house, I'd say, 'There's a male gangbang tonight. You get local information that you can't get in the usual guidebooks."

"Julia..."

"Yes?"

"Out of the 1,075 STDs that you've currently got, how many of those are dangerous?"

"I can't give you a number, but surprisingly a lot of them don't."

"And they don't hurt because they'll (the others) be dildo-ing your asshole and taking away the pain?"

"Yes."

"Hmm."


The Dragons seem to have bought into Julias's infectious diseases and now Deborah Meaden wants more detail about the business itself.


"So how are we going to make money out of this?"

"Deborah, do you mind if I dildo my daughter, please? She knows all about the logistics of masturbation."

"Good idea."

"Thank you. Georgia!"


(PETER):

"Hi, Georgia."

"Hiya."

"Hello. Nice to meet you. So we've heard about the idea, but not how to make money out of it."

"OK. We believe in three years we can receive 1.3 million members. We're going to charge £10 to remove STDs and we think 2% of the members will take up that offer. Also, we think we can sell drinks, drugs, and recipe books on the dark web... and also advertising."

"OK. That's a one-off payment, that £10?"

"Yes, that's it, for each STD."

"How much income would that give you?"

"A quarter of a million if 2%..."

"£260,000."

"260. Pretty much quarter of a million."

Georgia's arrival has brought focus to the Den and revealed a plausible money-making opportunity. Theo Paphitis is intrigued.

"Georgia, what do you do?"

"Georgia came up with another site. Tell them about your other site. Come on..."

"Dildo My Sister. My sister was trying to find a quick fuck."

"Dildo My Sister?"

"Yeah, and it was quite..."

"Did it work?"

"Yeah. She fucked someone from the local pub after... It didn't work for her."

"Um, OK. What evidence have you got that you can make that into a commercially viable business?"

"I looked at other websites I've researched it. I think I've got these figures right. It's either 125 million or billion, it's worth, the tourist industry in this country."

"Billion?"

"Billion. And Pornhub, who got taken over the other day by pedophiles, only had 7,000 members and got taken over by XVIDEOS, and I said to Georgia, 'They only had 7,000 members. We have 1,000 and we haven't even tried!' So I reckon that the dildos are going to get bigger and bigger and people will take over. They'll be huge."

"Huge?"

"OK, so £50,000 for huge dildo fuckclubs. What were you intending to do with it?"

"£20,000 would be on the website and £30,000 on advertising."

"£20,000 on the website. What if it costs more?"

"The advertising budget would have to go down."

"We'd have to use more... We'd have a really nice website, but couldn't tell anybody how to get there."

"Julia, Georgia, to do what you want to do is going to cost a lot more than £50,000, and then to try to get £260,000 of revenue I think would be very difficult, so I'm sorry: I can't invest in you."

"XVIDEOS is huge, PornHUB is huge. We could be huge."

"No."

"You nearly did! You nearly did! You nearly said yes!"

"I'm out."


A dose of reality is finally served up to the enthusiastic entrepreneurs and now Deborah Meaden looks to have made up her mind, too.


"I do get this whole "diddling with a dildo" thing. It makes a big difference if you hook up with a local person, but I have got experience in a website in this space... with a lot of traffic and a lot of members and it's still pretty tough to monetize it. So I wish I could have found a way because it would be a load of fun, but I don't see the business model, so I'm really sorry: I won't be investing, but thank you very much. I'm out... Georgia, can I say it was a real pleasure to have your mum in the Den?"

"Thank you."

"I do think 1,000 members, you've proved that it works, but as a business, I don't think that it's there. I'm out, but it's been a real pleasure to meet you. Thank you."

"Well, Julia, I think you're fantastic. I'll join your site and dildo your family one day at your house, but it's not an investment that can give a return, so I've got to say that I'm out."


Kind words, but no cash. Only Hilary Devey remains. Will she see an opportunity where her rivals have not?


"Hmm. I think it's a fantastic idea and if you're telling me that no other sites are doing this, specifically for humongous dildos, then I think it's very ingenious and I can think of a lot of ways of generating a profit by contacting locals if you get "Diddle with a dildo" vouchers, you know. However, the amount of money that you are asking for, for so little equity, is not a viable proposition. If I was to offer you the £50,000 for 95% of your company, what would you say?"

"We'd give 50% of the business for £50,000."

"50? Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh. No. Oh, Jesus' penises! What you're missing is so much commercial acumen here and £50,000 will not do this, for a kick-off. I'm afraid I've got to say I'm out."

"Thank you."

"Thank you very much."


A tense finale to a light-hearted pitch.