Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/o95y8i/infinite_cum_universe/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


As you fly through space, another comet shoots nearby you. Your velocity becomes negative and you begin plummeting back to Earth. The cum accelerates. The ISS sends a warning to the US military to shoot you down, but your cum disorientates any weapons they have. Emergency protocols flash across America's TVs as you fall closer and closer. The cum accelerates. You hit the ground at 53m/s, in Wyoming. Your matter lays in a small crater as more cum spontaneously appears via virtual particles and your cum seeps further into the Earth of Wyoming. Your cum reaches the magma chamber of Yellowstone, eventually eroding the nearby underground into its own burning chamber of your cum. The chamber is soon filled with bubbling, boiling semen and, with nowhere else to go, your cum cracks the Earth and flows up. The cum accelerates. Park rangers notice the grounds of Yellowstone rapidly bulge at an anomalous rate for the next few months, reporting their findings. Animals sense something coming and residents begin contemplating moving country. Without any warning, millions of gallons of your cum explode out of the entire national park and a national state of emergency ensues. Panicked families all run to the airports to escape, but it is futile. A pyroclastic flow of your cum quickly races towards them. The cum accelerates. Children scream as a loud crash is heard throughout the airport. Your cum easily smashes through every window and wall of the building, more akin to a cum tsunami than gaseous flow, and the entire airport rapidly collapses, killing everyone inside as any potential survivors of the collapse both melt and drown in your burning semen. Soon, your infinitely accelerating, infinite cum reaches speeds in the range of hundreds and thousands of miles per hour. The cum chamber itself expands vigorously and swells to the size of the entire Earth, lying just under the surface. The cum accelerates. Within mere moments, your cum blasts into space as the entire Earth explodes and melts into your semen. Your cum is now accelerating at 3000000000ms\^-2, making the laws of physics bend to suit its needs. Within seconds, the entire universe is forced to compensate for your cum and, through unknown means, immediately displaces itself into your cum. Your cum implodes into nothing. Thousands of years pass as your cum accelerates more and more within an infinitely small, fixed point. Then, it happens. The numbers get so high that the cum expands at the speed of light, the rest of its kinetic energy being used to form all matter in a new universe. In the new universe, families are created, friends are made and memories are shared all whilst the new universe expands into space faster and faster: the cum accelerates once more.