Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/o9b86x/a_sperm_cells_tragedy/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


The darkness had slowly become a musky red as the loud, but still, distant sounds of panting came to an end. It couldn't make much out, all it knew is that it was in a stampede - and then it wasn't. The last sperm cell turned its head from side to side, corner to corner, checking for any rogue macrophages patrolling the gamer girl's vaginal entrance, all the whilst pessimistically hoping it had seen it. It had only been five seconds, but the sperm cell knew that those five seconds of extreme action, were likely to be the few seconds of its already limited life. The sperm entered the dungeon.

The insides of the gamer girl were warmer but still traumatic. As the sperm pushed forward, all it saw were the pathetic, dead bodies of its brothers and sisters, lying limp, mangled, or entirely ripped apart against the vaginal walls. Millions upon millions of bodies lined the walls, watching the last sperm cell attempt to win the race of life and death. However, the last sperm cell? It wasn't impressed *at all*. It moved closer and closer to its destination yet still saw nothing but dead relatives. Perhaps this *was* the point of its existence, to swim endlessly into nothing until death took it by the hand?

There was blood around the walls now and the sperm cell noted that whoever had sex with the gamer girl must've done it very roughly. The once smooth walls were now ripped, with little droplets of blood leaking out of hidden vessels behind them. From the outside world, the last sperm cell could've sworn it heard a scream for help before being shot out into whatever hell it was in now, but who was it to change anything regardless. With no care, it marched further on.

The last sperm cell reached its last destination; at long last, the egg. It looked around the egg first, noting the many dead relatives right next to it, presumably killed by touching such egg. Was that it? Was that why God put it on the world, just to die for his children? To be obliterated into nothing but half a genetic code? The last sperm cell began to panic. The walls of the gamer girl's bleeding vagina quickly began to coil and rotate, occasionally clenching in on themselves like a bouncy castle from hell. The last sperm cell desperately swam back to the entrance, faster and faster, no longer caring for its goals or its potential predators around the corner.

As the last sperm cell finally pushed itself out of the woman, it fell onto a soft material. On this material, it looked up, hearing clear speech for the first time. "Stop crying you slut, let me picture this creampie." The man sounded angry, and the sperm cell knew not why but knew he did. The angry man wore a shirt with a bizarre, white game controller on a blue background. The woman possessed rainbow hair and nose piercings. But the last sperm cell didn't care for any of this.

What does it mean, it wondered, to materialize into existence only to be shot into death without a thought from anything else on the planet? And further so, why should it care for others' misfortune, if its greatest misfortune is the existence of itself, in which success potentially means building a factory to create millions of itself and in which failure means instant death. Then again, what is death to a poor, failure of a sperm cell?

The final sperm cell looked up at the ceiling one last time from its quickly evaporating pool of cum. It did not look at the arguing couple, nor the entrance, nor the dick, nor anything else. It simply looked up and asked, "Why?" before drying out into the eternal nothing. But who cares? The next ejaculation will only be in a few hours - I can just make more if I want.

I looked at the woman and grinned, "The world is cyclical, and my cum is cynical." She cried.