Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/oagbys/haunted_pringles_can/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Alright, quick update after I ate the pringles. Large bang from the outside door - no footsteps present for around four minutes after, followed by six light footsteps. I believe the ghost may have escaped a haunted pringle.


The room was pitch black when I first entered. You see, I haven't had a fucking room-light (those ones on the ceiling, I don't know what they're called) for about a few months, so I'm just relying on a shitty old lamp in the corner.

Anyway, the room was black and shit when I saw my Pringles can - BBQ in case anybody is wondering,  not eating that sour-cream or inland-taipan rice shit. It was at that moment that the can fucked off and fell off the little stand it was on.

Now I don't fucking get this shit - I study A-Level physics and we've done forces and motion, and there's no fucking mention of objects just pissing about falling off things for no reason - there's always a reason on the exams like some fat twonk knocked his experiment over or something, but I swear to Christ this Pringles can fell for no fucking reason.

There were no earthquakes, no bacteria pushing it over, no vibrations, no atomic bombs released nearby, no need to hide from any Pringles can-hunting groups, it just fucked off and jumped, as if it was contemplating its life before finally taking the final jump.

So my question for readers of this Reddit is, what fucking type of ghost you lot reckon it is. I mean, if you're looking at paranormal shit you must believe this stuff, so you must know what you believe, so what fucking type of ghost was this? Poltergeist, doppelganger, old bitch in some mirror, vortex, jellyfish ghost (those are pretty rare, they look like jellyfish, I reckon).

I don't even believe this shit, but now I have to don't I, cus I can't explain this damn pringles can. It's all because of the pringles can - overpriced shit - maybe it jumped off after realizing being £1.99 is a fucking rip off and it couldn't live with the guilt.

Anyway, I have two questions for Redditors on this Reddit:

1. Where do I go to learn more shit to verify this pringles wanker is real or not.
2. What type of ghost you reckon the Pringles can is based on the following description: Was on platform thing, then fell off for no reason.

This isn't a joke post btw, by there was genuinely a pringles can incident - I want serious fukin answers. I tried r/atheism and they banned me - then again, it might be because I mentioned the faces of atheism shit and told them to do it again lol.