Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/pknydi/tifu_by_accidentally_showing_my_pussy_on/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Happened yesterday but I'd like to share.

I (F19) had gotten out of the bath and was taking some lewd images for my boyfriend. It was going great and I managed to get a good angle to show both my pussy and tits.

Like many people, we were using Microsoft Teams to do online lessons due to quarantine. I, however, had disabled my webcam and microphone then pretended it was broken. Apparently, the most recent windows update did not give a shit about this.

I casually joined the call as usual then went across my room to pick up a pen. As I tried to pick up my pen, I dropped it and so went to pick it back up. It was only when I kept hearing constant whistling and laughter did I notice something was up. I turned around and saw my fucking laptop's webcam light on. It was even fucking worse because my pussy had one of those pink, pocket vibrator things in them at the time and so everyone knew I had a vibrator in me whilst in online lessons (shut up, it made it more exciting...).

I immediately left the call. The reason why I'm posting this today is that my parents forced me to go to college and whilst I was there everyone in my classes kept whistling at me and a few people tried to grope my ass like some kind of joke, then kept laughing at me when I started shouting at them to stop. They just said they knew I enjoyed it and kept making jokes about me having a vibrator in me whilst in online lessons. Someone even threw a semen bomb at me - admittedly a very small one since they only had one day to make it, but it got in my fucking hair.

I'm literally crying in my room right now whilst typing this. I'm never going back to that college again. On my way home a bunch of the college students kept following me and catcalling me and I thought I was going to be fucking r-ped or something. I'm never going back, ever. 

edit I'm now crying even more because my boyfriend broke up with me and is now dating some other girl that's been making fun of me for the situation too, despite the fact that she's had sex with the whole class pretty much and wears the shortest skirts she can find and crop tops that show as much as her body without being lewd as possible. I hate my fucking life.