Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/pn6erm/you_better_be_fucking_scared/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


I bet you think your so fucking funny with your stupid shitty posts you make about me, don't you? What? Do you think I don't know you're messaging all your friends shit about me behind my back?

You better be fucking scared. Right now, I have all of your IP addresses. As a member of Anonymous, you might as well give up reporting me to the cops, because you'll die before they find me out. At this very fucking instance, whilst your fat ass is sat reading this, I'm using my Kali Linux custom-built distribution (built by myself, might I fucking add) to track down your address down to the house number of your fucking house. Do you have any idea what I'm going to do with you? Once I've got your address, which won't be hard, I'm going to break into your house and fucking slice and cut all over your body with my fucking WWII veteran knife I got from my badass family. Yeah, that's right - unlike your family, my family is actually worth more than my piss, although my clean pure piss is probably fucking diamonds to scum like you. I'm going to fucking kill you, y'know? I'm actually going to fucking kill you. I'm going to slice, cut, and burn every muscle in your body and then I'm going to rape and violate you again and again. I'm going to record us as I rape and torture you, then leave the video for your worthless family to see, who, with any luck, will throw themselves off the nearest bridge after watching.

You better be fucking scared, I've just found out what town you're in. Don't even fucking bother reporting this message to anyone - unlike you, I have a fucking IQ higher than average and I'm proud of that - I'm a fucking God compared to you. I have big muscles, big guns, and a big brain. I'm rich as fuck. I have girls all over me. I get straight As. I know how to hack, as you'll soon found out. I'm fucking superior to you in every way you stupid fucking cunt. What, going to cry at me for using big boy words, pussy? Cunt fucker shit tosser faggot cock bitch. What are you going to fucking do? Honestly, I'm curious, just what are you going to do before I cut you up into little pieces and orgasm inside your mutilated body? You have no fucking options. The police won't help you. Your family won't help you. Nothing you can do will work - I am going to fucking beat you and torture you and rape you and cook you and eat you to death.

Oh shit, you better be fucking scared, I just found your street name. You know, now that I think about it, I might not even bother recording that video. I might actually cut, burn, maim, rape, torture, cook, and eat your family right in front of you, I might just fucking masturbate to it all in front of your violated eyes whilst you beg, and I mean fucking beg and scream at me to stop. And you know what? I won't stop. I'm going to fucking kill every last one of your family members in front of you. Then, I'm going to keep you alive. Jesus, my cock is getting harder just thinking about all the ways I'm going to use my superior creativity and genetics to string you along this simple path of pain - well simple for me, probably a fucking labyrinth for a dumbass like yourself.

Wow. Fucking wow, you better be scared. You better be fucking. Scared. I just did it. I just got your house number. I know where you live and I know where your family lives. I'll fucking break in whilst you sleep you know. Sleep with one eye open, bitch faggot.