Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/qjkaas/arrested_for_researching_the_benefits_of_not/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Day #1.
It's been one day since I started No Nut November and I'm already blown away. I never would've thought the changes would be this sudden, but here I am now. I went downstairs to speak to my mother about something, and they almost immediately noticed that I seemed different. For a start, they noted that my posture was more confident and that I seemed to give off a different aurora. When I pressed further, I concluded that whilst ignorant of such topics, they must have been attempting to explain pheromones, albeit in less scientific terms. This is promising: if a single day of not fapping can drastically alter a woman's perception of me through my pheromones, God only knows what the possibilities are for thirty days of masturbation. I have decided, therefore, that I am going to continue this challenge for the full month, rather than just a week. 

Day #2.
It's now been two days and, for this second day, I decided to test my theories from the first day and go into a public location. My God, it was a nightmare. However, I do not mean this in a literal, negative way. As I walked through the shopping centre, I couldn't help but notice more and more people, particularly females, staring at me. Every time I looked up at them, they'd usually look away shyly. This is a particularly interesting development, as the females seem to be displaying the traits of, quote-on-quote, "Having a crush". I think as the month progresses, I will make these trips a regular occasion, so I can study the girl's further. However, I do realise that I must not forget the true purpose of this experiment: to study myself. That's it for now.

Day #3.
Three days. Three days is all it took for the first, real, tangible effect to take place. I don't know how to describe this phenomenon; I just feel different. It feels as if I can achieve anything, as the self-help channels would put it. Before these experiments, I was a little depressed and I couldn't be bothered moving a large cupboard in my house that needed moving. Well, I just moved it, almost effortlessly. It's as if I've gained a "level" of masculinity, of sorts. These experiments may prove that is more to the masculine vs. feminine argument than previously thought. Perhaps masculinity and femininity are just two different levels on the same metre, that measures how often you masturbate. Maybe the more you masturbate, the more feminine you become - in other words, your... we'll call it, "masturbation level", increases. I must take more notes, clearly, but it's an interesting development nevertheless. As for my effect on females, I did not go outside today, as I was too busy hypothesising my new theory. I've told my mother about my experiments and they seemed ecstatic. They gave me some helpful advice - they reminded me to not just study the effects on myself and women, but also men too, as to further my avenue of research. I'm glad I live with such an intelligent mother.

Day #4.
Once again I decided to venture out into the shopping centre to study the effects I had on women, and now men. Not much has changed for the women, other than the frequency of their "crush-like" behaviour increasing. As for the men, it's hard to say. I've noticed a few members of staff at the shop, male, seem to be treating me with more respect. Perhaps, as I theorised, there is a masturbation level or metre, and perhaps it's this metre that determines what pheromones are released. Maybe these pheromones cause a subconscious level of respect in men. To be honest, the thought is quite scary; I can only imagine what world governments would do with this knowledge. In any case, it is still a topic that I would like to explore as the month progresses. In any case, I'm beginning to think that this challenge should be adapted by awareness campaigns, similar to those such as "Stoptober" for smoking and vaping.

Day #5.
Day five, and yet another tangible effect on myself. I find myself becoming more motivated to do things. For example, I recently spent four hours practising one of Chopin's Etudes for the piano, the most wonderful of instruments. When I masturbated, I would usually only spend twenty minutes a day, nowhere near an efficient amount of time. Yet now, without the influence of my supposed feminine masturbation level, I am fully motivated to practice such things without getting bored or allowing my mind to get distracted by pornography. I do wonder, however - and perhaps this, not a desirable thought (although maybe it is, I'm not certain yet) - whether this supposed masculine vs feminine masturbation level prooves anything, such as whether men are truly superior to women, and vice versa. It is yet another, currently unanswered avenue of questions that may be answered throughout the month: I must continue my experiment.

Day #6.
I have been approached by my first prostitute today. Whilst returning from the shopping mall to conduct my usual observations, a wild prostitute approached me in the street. They seemed... different; more begging was involved. I have watched them in the past approach other men, and at no point did they show the desperation they had in their voice now. It seemed as if they were completely infatuated with me. When I told them this, they said they were desperate because they were running out of money for their "smack", but whether this is true or just another shy, embarrassed cover-up caused by the "crushing effect", I remain indecisive. However, I have come up with a genius plan, if I do say so myself. I have indeed paid the prostitute, but not for sex and not yet. I've told them that, if they become my willing assistant in the experiment (that I also described to her, in detail, sharing my hypothesis on the supposed masturbation level) I will pay them enough money for smack by the end of the month. They agreed - the experiment is truly well on its way.

Day #7.
I feel sick, horribly sick. I don't know whether I have caught a virus, or whether it is due to my increasing masculinity, but I feel as if something is wrong. I feel jittery, I can feel my heart pumping, I can feel the tingle of my blood itself flowing throughout my body. It's as if I am in tune with every muscle, nerve and vein in my body. I've felt muscles and controlled muscles I never knew I had. My breathing has been heavy. I do not know what is causing this, if not a disease. Perhaps... I don't know. I truly do not know. I have asked my assistant to fetch me some medicine to try to alleviate my symptoms and they kindly obliged, but no medication has worked. I have called off all observations for the next coming days. Instead, I will extensively detail any more symptoms that occur. Given that the experiment had been going well until today, I am hoping that the rumours are true and that by next month I will be as healthy as ever, but I'll have to wait and see.

Day #8.
Vomiting, endless vomiting. However, despite my assistant's concerns, I am not worried. I believe I've finally done it - these symptoms appear to be the nail in the coffin for any previous theory. I believe, through my able research, that I have discovered a new theory of biology. I believe I now truly understand how the masculine vs. feminine debate functions on the biological level. What else could it be, if not merely an overflow of masculine pheromones? Perhaps these symptoms are not withdrawal symptoms, as members of r/NoFap have commented, but instead, the body attempting to get used to a new state - a state of perfect masculinity. It all makes sense. I can not write down my full thoughts now, as I am currently too ill to fully focus, but when my body gets used to masculinity, then I will be able to write my full hypothesis.

Day #9.
I have experienced a single seizure, but other than that, symptoms seem to be reduced. My assistant has been begging me all day to seek urgent medical attention, but I have told her no. If I die during this experiment, I do not care - this is my life goal now. Here is my hypothesis: in the brain, there must be some sort of gland that, depending on sexual stimuli, produces a particular hormone (although I am still uncertain of which one). The level of this hormone dictates how masculine or feminine a person is, and thus what pheromones they will produce alongside their natural sex pheromones. Whatever this pheromone is, it appears particularly powerful. However, I am not unaware that this hypothesis brings about an unpleasant conclusion: if women naturally have less of a pheromone that, as shown in previous days, demands respect from men, does this conclude that women, naturally, deserve less respect and are therefore inferior? This is not a good thought, but I am not willing to throw away bad thoughts immediately from my conclusion, as it would be unscientific for me to do so. Instead, I will simply observe more as the days progress if I am healthy enough to do so.

Day #10.
My God, there have been changes. I walked into the shopping mall today, as I am safe to say I feel much healthier, and there have been drastic changes to the women and men's behaviour. For a start, it seems my assistant has been talking, as certain men have approached me saying that my ideas are fundamentally rooted in masculinity and purism and that I should stop. I know that my assistant would sing nothing but praises of me, so I conclude that my level of whatever pheromone I have identified is making them feel inferior, thus producing jealousy and envy to compensate in their unfortunate minds. I pity the poor men who have succumbed to this, and as I used to fap once a day, I can empathise with them. However, I do not show sympathy: it's their choice to conduct themselves in such... disgusting... acts? This is bizarre, even as I am writing I develop new thoughts. I've never thought of masturbation before, but the mere word seems to anger me now. Anyway, I don't have time to ponder further; I'm writing. As for the women, well, it's like the apocalypse. Some women have dropped their "crush-like" behaviour and have instead been more direct, flirting and winking at me. I won't deny that I am enjoying these new effects, but I must stay on goal and not let myself fall to these sirens... sirens? Why did I write that? This is most bizarre, writing like this, but I must explore my thoughts, if not for me, then for science. Apologies to any readers if questioning my own writings comes across as weird, but I must do what I must.

Day #11.
The women, or sirens, are coming closer. Ever closer. I once again went out to the shops and was nearly assaulted by two twice. They said they wanted to date me, and that they'd do anything to be with me. However, given that they seemed to have a trail of men following them, I assumed they were gold diggers and politely told them I was not interested in anything they proposed. This does appear to be the first, permanent negative effect I have observed: there seem to be a lot lesser women around me, desperate to win me over and get anything. It's as if my pheromone is pushing them to do things to me they otherwise would not do. For example, I do not own a lot of money, yet there are still gold diggers after me. I do not understand this fully, and I will leave this train of thought alone for now. Speaking of women, my assistant has been acting weird lately. They've been eyeing me for some time like the rest of the women, sure, but they've distinctly taken more of an interest in my life than my work. I'd say they were falling in love with me, which is certainly new. As far as I understand, no woman has ever truly, "loved", me before. Could it be that this pheromone, which is kept in contact with a woman for an extended period, can essentially mind-control women into loving me, such as it can mind-control men into respecting me (even if we have our disagreements)? Does this mean that all of love is a farce? These are the questions that we scientists must answer... and I will answer them, no matter what.

Day #12.
I feel different. This is a phrase that I've said many times, but not like this. I feel strange. I feel as if something, or someone, is taking a hold of me.  I don't think I want to do this anymore, but I have to. I feel... "angry". Not in the sense of rage, mind you, but just an underlying sense of disgust. Everywhere I look, everything is sexualised. There's so much sex in the world. Television adverts: the girls always have the biggest breasts or nicest buttocks. Human Rights Activists are always protesting anti-sex laws walking half-naked through the streets: everything just has to be "sexy". I'm afraid to say it, but I don't think this hypothesis is new. I think there are certain companies out there who have albeit not scientifically or nobly like myself, stumbled across the idea that those with high feminine levels can be manipulated easily. This would make sense with the statistics on how women tend to be the victims of abuse more than men: abuse requires manipulation, which requires higher femininity it seems, at least according to my masturbation hormone hypothesis, and women are born naturally with more feminine levels. I don't what to say, so many revelations, all at once. And yet, it seems like I'm missing something. Women masturbate less frequently than men, but their femininity is much more than a man's, significantly more with or without taking in the fact that women have more naturally. It just doesn't add up. I'm confused and I feel like I'm alone. Why is it that, outside of my research, no one (other than r/NoFap) seems to understand? I remember a few days ago they called me misogynistic - they didn't even bother to give me the chance the explain myself, the sex-filled idiots. They're idiots... they have to be. That's right, that's it! Eureka, as Archemedies would ecstatically shout, it must be their feminity making them feel daft, that's why they don't understand! But yet... my assistant is a woman, but they understand more. Wait, no; I forgot, their exposure to my pheromones has made them love me, of course, they're more trusting - either that or the promise of free "smack". Anyway, that's enough of my ramblings for today.

Day #13.
I decided to go to the park as I was particularly fed up with going to the shopping mall. This was a mistake. Two female specimens approached me and seemed to get quite offended at me when I pointed out that they were showing a large portion of their breasts on display. They said that they have the right to do that, and I should stop being sexist, which I now understand is a made-up term for when female, or male specimens, do not argue against my theory. I repeatedly tried explaining to them that they were abusing the masturbation level of men, but they just spoke to me as if I was insane, even more so after they shut up and let me explain my theory fully to them - they just laughed, said I was a "fucking nutter" then left. STupid bimbos - no. Not stupid, deliberately so: clever. Too clever. They know what they're doing them, with their silly cleavage, they know who they are - abusers. Abusers of those inflicted with the insistent desire to increase their femininity - to masturbate; a disgusting moral act of evil. Jesus, I must calm myself, I just accidentally ripped a bloody hole in the page with my pen. That stupid, useless, time-wasting act of sin, oh how I wish I could purge of those who advocate for its use. I hate them, I hate them! Curse them all, cowards! I must calm myself. I apologise to anyone reading I just... I just cannot fucking stand it. I hate it so much. I think I'm going to have a relaxing shower to clear my mind.

Day #14.
You know, I'm getting quite sick of this diary, but I did promise that I would continue for the month. Besides, my hypothesis must be proven, it has to be. I didn't go outside today as I didn't want to spend any more time with any female specimens, that I will refer to as femoids (maloids respective of their counterpart). The femoids and maloids are annoying, so I'm staying inside. Recently a user on r/NoFap proposed that those who masturbate are in denial and it got me thinking: could it be that the absence of masculinity in their mind was driving them to believe that no such concept exists. Could it be that their mind simply did not believe in the concept of alpha males and beta males, because they were subconsciously ashamed of such things? An interesting proposal, right or wrong. I don't like delving into thoughts regarding the subconscious, as it can easily lead to quite a lot of unfair persecution. Still, I can't help finding myself having these sorts of thoughts regarding femoids and maloids, particularly femoids, now and again. Even more so when I turn on the television and see the disgusting things the femoids wear in the adverts. Perfume adverts are the worse. The way the slutty, disgusting femoids dress and look enrages me. I nearly threw the remote at the television before my assistant managed to calm me down. I'm now kicking her ass in monopoly as I write this: a simple game, not tainted at all by femoid or maloid intentions. Perfect.

Day #15.
I feel so much better! My God, I do not know what happened in my sleep, but I feel as if I can fly! Maybe the anger was just another symptom of me getting used to my newfound masculinity, but it's all gone. It feels as if I could sleep with any woman I want. I will do it. By the end of this month, I will have sex with a woman test subject on my first day of meeting them to fundamentally prove my hypothesis and turn it into a true theory of science. I will have sex with a femoid, no matter what. And, when it is done, I will be upheld as one of r/NoFap's greatest members: an underappreciated scientist who truly proved, through his diary, that not fapping provides real benefits. Then, we will start a campaign, I can see it now! A global, worldwide Not Nut November challenge that will soon turn into a Not Nut Life! No more will the femoids and maloids rule the consumer market, but we will, and we will make this world a truly better place. No more will sex be glorified. No more will femoids walk around showing their sinful milk lumps, we will change the course of history for the better. But before all that, I must finish this diary. I am not sick of this diary anymore, for I now understand its true significance in the world. I feel so much alive, it's incredible. It truly is a most marvellous sight to behold. My mother commented recently on how I did all chores so quickly, and to such perfection, she had never seen before. Everything I do succeeds, and everything the femoids and maloids do fail. Whilst the maloids become white knights and femoids become sirens, I and the rest of the Not Nut Life activists will become the mighty dragons to slay them both. If it seems like I am rambling on, I apologise, but words simply fail to describe just how GREAT I feel. It feels like the wind is rushing against me like there is new hope like I have been alleviated from the dreadful apple eaten when men first roamed the Garden of Eden, the one true place where femoids and maloids were banned. So many metaphors, so much symbolism, so many similies, and yet nothing in the English language, or any language for that matter, come close to describing the true state of bliss that I am in. I will do it! I will have sex with a femoid! I will exchange my sperm with the lesser people and my theory will be set in stone.

Day #16.
I have begun scouting for femoids. Maloids are still in disagreement with my actions but remain respectful thanks to my pheromone. A maloid in a police uniform approached me. I wasn't listening to what they were saying, as being in tune with my whole body allowed me to detect that he was, in fact, a maloid, and so I stopped listening immediately as it could not be important. In general, I think he was rambling on about stalking or sexism, or some other femoid/maloid excuse that isn't worth a dime to think about. He remained respectful, of course, and politely asked for me to stop. From there, I simply told him to quit crying and walked away, not bothering to debate me -the maloid must have sensed my pheromone and become scared by it, oh how I pity his denial. Anyway, as I was saying, I have begun scouting for femoid. One particularly attractive one has caught my eye. Blond, C-cup breasts: they seem perfect for my experiment. I will capture the femoid tomorrow. 

Day #17.
It all went well. I captured the femoid and they seemed to be screaming until I nurtured their ability to do so. I don't think they were screaming out of fear, but I believe their mind recognised just how much masculinity I was displaying, and was subconsciously screaming in desperation to receive my seed - and so, I obliged. I began the process of sexual intercourse with the femoid, all the while neutralising their ability to scream as, whilst proving my hypothesis, was getting quite annoying and distracting me from the work I was doing. Their body seemed to be reacting funnily to all this. Their arms and hands gripped at me, attempting to push me off and free one of my own hands covering their mouth. I am still confused by this, of course. Perhaps the femoids and maloids are indeed suffering from a lack of masculinity as if it was a disease. Perhaps this disease was desperately trying to save itself from its eradicator, me. Anyway, I finished the sexual intercourse process with the femoid and they lay there, not moving, crying. I think they were crying tears of joy, stunned at the new prospect of not suffering from their disease anymore. They were masculine now, and that is all that matters. I told my assistant about this. They looked at me, wide-eyed, but did not say anything. As I "coughed" for their attention they came out of their trance, telling me how noble my work was before promptly leaving; they told me they needed to contact someone they knew about some money that had gone missing. Life is wonderful. It seems my theory is coming true day by day.

Day #18.
The maloids have captured me. Respectful as ever, thanks to my pheromone, the maloids, dressed in the same police uniform, have arrested me. I do not know how they found out about the diary, but the maloids must be scared. I think I've scared them. I think they think that my thinking will cause the world to think - to reconsider: should we bow to the maloids and femoids, or superior masculine persons such as myself? They're worried: they're worried that I'm going to destroy their silly little maloid and femoid world, and they are correct. They said they're going to confiscate this diary for investigation but the joke on them, as they are unaware that, as they arrest me, I am posting this online with a conclusion above the diary, so people see the important information first. Now, the whole world will know. The whole world will know of my theory, and of the intentions of the maloids and femoids, and there will be a global revolution, I'm sure of it! This is my final writing. I do not know what the maloids plan to do to me for breaking their little secret: nothing good, I assume. However, through my text, I will hopefully live on. Spread the word.