Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/qh4jgu/this_is_why_you_should_not_fap_next_month/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Fapping is bad. There are, regrettably, many people who still have the inferior belief that fapping, regardless of to what interval the activity occurs, is "normal", or "healthy". I will surrender to the first claim: perhaps doing bad things is normal, but there is no reason why, in modern, civil society, bad things can not be corrected by the actions of good men.

There are many reasons why fapping is bad. Firstly, fapping is not healthy - on the contrary, it is unhealthy. When you fap, the amount of thermal energy generated is, scientifically, enough to cause a quantum leap throughout your penis. Now, I understand most people reading this probably do not understand what a quantum leap is; you do not need to understand. All you need to know is this: quantum leaps throughout the penis are bad, very bad. Quantum leaps throughout the penis can disturb sperm cells, which can lead to new sperm cells being malformed, or not equipped to carry out their job: in other words, quantum leaps throughout the penis can cause infertility.

Secondly, fapping causes cancer. Fapping, through oxygen stress, caused by an overflow of incredibly dangerous hormones known as dopamine, can significantly damage the mitochondria. As the mitochondria terminate mutated cells, having damaged mitochondria can lead to increased risks of cancer. Fapping causes cancer where cancer could be prevented. By fapping, you are normalising cancer. People with cancer are not normal.

Thirdly, fapping causes organ failure. Because fapping damages the mitochondria, fapping causes the body, on average, to have less energy (this is not helped by all the quantum leaps of thermal energy throughout a fapper's penis). This lack of energy can cause a dysfunction in the bodies organs, causing them to shut down in extreme cases. Do you want your organs to shut down? I'm sure your loved ones don't - don't be selfish.

Fourthly, fapping causes a decrease in memory. Regular fapping causes fapping to become an addiction, and so your mind is filled with thoughts of fapping. These thoughts can distract you and cause you to not remember things, resulting in a decrease in memory. Furthermore, this may also show that fapping is directly linked to an increased chance of developing Alzheimer's disease. Fapping also causes a decrease in memory in your devices, as whatever content you are using to fap takes up space in Random Memory Access, or RAM (unless you are fapping with your mind, which is a serious cause for concern).

Finally, women want you to ejaculate in them, not ejaculate anywhere else. The job of a woman is to be ejaculated in and produce/raise children. The feminine child factory that is the vaginal system is designed perfectly, by evolution or God, for your sperm. Your tissues are not a vagina. If you have the urge to ejaculate, you should ejaculate inside a woman, no matter the cost. As I have said before, the job of a woman is to be ejaculated in - if the woman resists, that is their problem. Your tissues may not resist, but your tissues are working for the devil. Do not trust the tissues.

Hopefully, you can all see now that fapping is bad. You should report those who claim the opposite to Reddit's moderators, as their job is to protect the youth who use this community.