Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/rjo6ur/instead_of_investing_in_nfts_invest_in_abuse/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


If you have enough money to properly enter the NFT business, then you have enough money to invest in abuse.

Find some vulnerable people, like the homeless, or abuse victims (sex and domestic abuse victims seem highly vulnerable compared to others), or the mentally ill (jackpot if you find a schizophrenic with paranoid delusions), and brainwash them into a cult. Now, that's easier said than done - you don't just run up to them and get them into your cult immediately, it can take a year or more. But, once you've fully brainwashed them, and played up to their silly little flaws (like telling the homeless how the rich are evil, telling the veterans how it was so bad they were used, telling the disabled their perfectly well, etc etc), you want them to make a sacrifice. You'll see cult leaders do this a lot - here's a spoiler alert: no cult leader actually gives a shit about their religion or God or whatever - the sacrifice is to prove loyalty and further isolate you, not that you are "worthy of ascending" or whatever bullshit they spin. So do that, and drop any of those who refuse to do it. Even if they're crying, begging you to remain friends with them, and that they're the only person you love, just leave them: they're only human, you can replace them later.

Now, you might be wondering why you'd want a cult over NFTs. Well, NFTs can't trade drugs for you - people can, and if they're in a cult and loyal enough to abandon their family, then they're probably loyal enough to sacrifice themselves too - this is useful because if the police catch them, they won't ever tell on you - now if you didn't do the sacrifice and a member of your cult got caught, they might tell on you, and then you'll be in the prison showers.
OK, so you've managed to do all this: congratulations, you're in the 0.001% of people who can actually pull this off. You're also a sociopath. Anyway, once you've done this, you're going to need a way to get the drug money back off your traders. Now, you don't just show up and demand the money, because that's mean and they might not like it. Instead, you convince them that it's a "donation" to the cult. You also want to leave them with hardly any profit for themselves, because poor people are more vulnerable than the rich. Poor people are more dependent on you, especially now that you've made them abandon their entire family.

Once you've got all the money off them, you want to invest in both getting and supplying new drugs, as well as maintaining the supply of old drugs, and you also want to invest in abuse. How did you invest in abuse? Get one of your loyal cult members to pay someone off to kill someone, or rape someone, or steal their life savings or whatever. Then, wait a bit, then go after them and try to recruit them using the same method: play nice for a year, etc etc. Eventually, you should start getting new members, allowing you to expand your cult. Just don't do any terrorist attacks, especially if you're in Japan, you fucking idiots.

So, in conclusion, this is clear evidence that investing in NFTs is fucking stupid and everyone should instead invest in abusing everyone else.