Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/s3d4im/the_worst_sex_story_on_reddit/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Hey Reddit, today I fucked up. Me (M18) and my girlfriend of three years (F17) were bored yesterday morning, so we decided to "have a bit of fun" for the first time. Yes, I know there'll be someone whining about the age, and no I don't care; given the fact that you're on Reddit, it's a safe guess that I've known this person longer than you've ever seen any woman. Anyway, we were in the middle of having a lot of fun (with protection, of course!) when my girlfriend randomly stood up and asked me to bend over. I was a bit confused, but she told me that it was just a new position to try, that's all.

I've spent the past day crying, and what happened next still feels like a fever dream. My girlfriend blindfolded me and tied me up so I couldn't move. I knew my girlfriend wouldn't use a strap on or anything gay like that, so I gave her permission to do so. Where I went wrong is that I let her gag me with a ball gag, meaning I couldn't tell her to stop. From there, I felt something weird on my arse cheeks and, stretching a little, I was able to see that she was positioning her arse against my own. At this point, I was really confused; all I could do was watch in horror at what happened after this. Using her hands, she pried my arsehole open a little. It stung like shit and, despite hearing hissing coming from me, she didn't stop, telling me the pain would only last a moment — foolishly, I believed her.

I heard the most disgusting sound I had ever heard in my life. Stretching a little move, I could see what was going on: she was shitting into my arse i.e. transferring shit from her body to mine. Stupidly, my kneejerk reaction was to try to jump up, but since I was tied down, all that happened was that my hips flicked my body up a little, which in turn flicked her up a little. This resulted in a little chunk of her shit being flung up into the air and landing right under my fucking nose, resting on my lips. At this point, I was crying, but it got worse. Suddenly, I heard the loudest fart ever, and a metric shit-ton of shit just slid right into me. My body must've been as disgusted as I was because the arsehole's reaction was to immediately contract. Unfortunately, this caused the huge log of shit to be bent into a slow-moving, molten-like ooze of shit which quickly spread all over my own and my girlfriend's arsecheeks since she had decided to bounce up and down during all of this.

I know it might be hard to believe, but that wasn't the worst part. After this fucking miserable existence, my girlfriend then decided to sit on my face and ride it. This would usually be quite fun, I'd imagine, but she instead decided to do it whilst still shitting a little, with a shit covered arse and, mind you, rubbing all of that shit that on my lips all across my face. After this, she orgasmed, kissed me goodnight, then just fucking fell asleep right there and then, leaving me tied up. She told me that, if I needed to piss or take a shit, I could just do it on her.

Like I said, I've spent the past day crying, and my girlfriend doesn't even give a shit. When I asked her why, she had the nerve to say she had already given too many shits last night. She practically raped me and still has the nerve to make a fucking shit pun.

Does anyone have any advice on what I should do next?