Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nqz1ff/the_genius_of_our_lord_dream_copypasta/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


"..." Whereupon Dream says the word sorry in his apo- oh wait, he doesn't once say the word sorry, never mind.

"I was cooperative, but upset and confused that I was being questioned." - Whereupon Dream admits to being upset and confused that someone had the audacity to question him/his run.

"Don't send hate, it'll make *me* look bad." - Whereupon Dream reacts to fireb0rn's video on twitch and forgets about morality.

"I felt a little reassured, but also angry that I was potentially being dragged for absolutely nothing." Whereupon Dream equates having a speedrun examined for flaws as being dragged.

"As time went on and many weeks passed, I grew more and more frustrated, convinced that I was being targeted." Whereupon Dream slowly builds up anger over weeks of turmoil, after having a Minecraft speedrun questioned.

"I was an asshole..." Whereupon Dream mistakes the word, "is" for, "was".

"I was scared and stressed." Whereupon Dream feels fear over a Minecraft speedrun.

"I admittedly don’t know shit about math and statistics, I didn’t go to college..." Whereupon Dream equates high school mathematics to college mathematics.

"I had multiple speedrun moderators messaging me scary things about how it was a shit show and no one could agree on things just before the release." Whereupon Dream equates disagreements to being scary.

"Just before the release... they were clearly biased against me." Whereupon Dream forgets the key principle of: "after calculating a 1 in 7.5 trillion chance, the people who calculated probably won't be in favor of you, lol."

"All I know is that it scared me a lot. feeling like everything you built might come tumbling down." Whereupon Dream equates doing a shitty speedrun on twitch to everything he's built.

"At this point, I was lost." Whereupon Dream discovers dream x George wattpad is dramatic.

"I tunnel-visioned and was paranoid and didn’t think straight. I had plenty of valid reasons to believe that they weren’t impartial." Whereupon Dream takes speedrunning very seriously.

"As much as I was confident that I didn’t cheat, I had never explored the option that I possibly did." Whereupon Dream is a narcissistic idiot.

"After considering this, I ended up finding out that I HAD actually been using a disallowed modification." Whereupon Dream has an epiphany - and forgets about the plot hole in his story (he said he sent his mod folder to the moderation team).

"I felt an extreme sense of guilt and I took down my response video not believing in what I said in the video at all anymore." Whereupon Dream has a brief moment of sanity - but forgets to tell his stans that are harassing everyone that he cheated for a few months, lmao.

"I still feel as though the mod team was extremely unprofessional when dealing with it, but they’re a group of volunteers just trying to do their job and in their eyes, I was some cheating sob YouTuber who didn’t care at all." Whereupon Dream calls the moderation team unprofessional, after smearing them over his own mistake for a few months.

"I reflected a lot about the entire thing and had a lot of regret about just the first few days after the runs. What if they had asked for my mods sooner, what if I had realized sooner?" Whereupon Dream asks, "What if they (the moderation team) had asked for my mods sooner?" blaming the victim.

"I debated live streaming or making a video about it, but the drama had basically already passed and I was worried about rekindling the fire when I had already gone through basically a couple of months straight of absolutely being shit on by anyone that didn’t think of me favorably, and the mods had gone through weeks of torture I'm sure too." Whereupon Dream states he's gone through months of torture, and the mods have only gone through weeks and are too much of a pussy to rectify bad things he's done.

"I don’t want to see any hate towards the mods." Whereupon Dream says no hate, after calling them all extremely unprofessional for the ten billionth time.

"I think the whole situation was extremely shitty overall for everyone involved." Whereupon Dream includes himself in a pitiful statement, despite causing all the shit in the first place.

"I wish that I could go back and do things differently because it was some of the worst weeks of my life and still impacts me every day." Whereupon Dream has a very mundane life/guilt trips us all.

"When I got into speedrunning I was doing it every day for months, and you can see the skill improvement even just over a few months of tryhardin." Whereupon Dream wants us to be impressed at never reaching #1.

"Please don’t send any hate to the mod team or anyone involved in the situation, I don’t want any more drama at all, you’re no supporter of mine if you do." Whereupon Dream fails to support himself.