Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nrt6c7/the_skittles_disease/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


The lone survivor of the raging pandemic stumbles upon a document in an abandoned facility. The air ventilator tries to breathe but can't - skittles within are suffocating the device. The survivor reads the document, out loud.


Monday 12th, 2021 - 00:53am.

The Epsilon-5 team receives many concerning reports of unintelligible screaming coming from a nearby house. Some callers report that upon last seeing the perpetrator, he was visibly shaking and agitated, demanding to know where all nearby sources of skittles were.

Monday 12th, 2021 - 01:38am.

The Epsilon-5 team arrives at the scene and screaming is confirmed. Standard protocol is issued and the team breaks into the house. It is reported that at least 112 total skittles wrappers can be seen lying around the house. As the team moves up the stairs, screaming can be heard through the personnel microphones.

Monday 12, 2021 - 01:44am.

The Epsilon-5 team makes contact with the perpetrator. His eyes are reported as "a bulging, bubbling mess; something that looks like they could burst with fluid." The man is screaming nonsense about the Great rainbow to rule all electromagnetic lights. It is also reported, most concerningly, that the entire room's floor is nothing but skittles.

Monday 12, 2021 - 01:49am.

After five minutes of Epsilon-5 making peaceful contact, the atmosphere is reported to become suddenly cold as ice. Rapid reports quickly come in from the Epsilon-5 team, reporting that the man's eyes look as they're about to explode, confirming that one eye had come out of the socket and was dangling via the back nerves, yet still bulging and bubbling nevertheless. The man is reported to suddenly move his head at a 90-degree angle to his body rapidly, skittles slowly building up outside of the man's mouth. Next, it is confirmed by personnel cameras that the man stops before moaning, letting out a long stream of brightly glowing, warm-looking skittles from his anus. The man is confirmed to begin cumming as well.

Monday 12, 2021 - 01:51am.

Following approximately seven minutes since peaceful contact, the man is reported to suddenly screech and jump towards the Epsilon-5 team. The man gets on top of one of the team personnel and begins biting and pulling at their eyes with his mouth, all the while scratching and tearing at the personnel's face with long, blood-stained rainbow nails. As the personnel in question is being attacked, it is confirmed by personnel cameras that the target also begins vomiting skittles himself and a visible weight can be seen an increase in his pants. Furthermore, it should also be noted that a stain can be spotted on the crotch region.

Monday 12, 2021 - 01:53am.

Contact with Epsilon-5 is lost entirely. It is assumed that they have all been killed...


The lone survivor lets out a sudden gasp as a raging scream is heard from the corridor. He attempts to hide but fails - the mad man has spotted him. His nails are rainbow, covered in blood and his eye sockets are now empty bar a rainbow mucus.

An enraged roar is heard from the man as he attacks the survivor, ripping his clothes off whilst sinking his cracked teeth into the survivor's eyeballs, mushing them into a sickly mucus that soon becomes rainbow itself. In the lone survivor's mind, inconceivable terrors rush all around and the words, "TASTE THE RAINBOW" painfully boom and echo on repeat.

Then, the lone survivor begins to growl too as the pair enter the mating ritual. The pair claw at each other's flesh, causing rainbow blood and squished vital organs to pour out into a pool beneath them. The pair then sprout rainbow tendrils, forcing them into the other victim's anal region. As the tendrils penetrate, liquid skittles with a few cracked, rainbow shells ooze out.

Rainbow cum shoots out of the pair's penises and the pair begin to convulse. After five minutes of endless wailing, with each cry for help getting louder and more desperate, the pair's body's become bloated, bubbling as skittles begin to rip through any skin left and pour into the pool. Finally, the explosion occurs. Human liquids are splattered all over the facilities walls and a set of rainbow creatures are born from the human ashes, ready to escape into the world and infect new hosts...