Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nr9gkk/the_sad_life_of_a_discord_user/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


You sit alone in your room. Taking in a slow breath through both your nose and mouth, you absorb the stale stench of the air. The window hasn't been opened in months and time is ticking slowly. Finally, discord loads up and you bite your lips in frustration at the new, logo change. How dare this private company change its logo to change slightly different? "Fucking not poggers" you say out loud. Eventually, a smile is brought upon your lips as you see the love of your life, "OceanBabe_xX420".

Giddy with excitement, you type the words "kisses you softly and with passion". However, you once again remember to first italicise such text, as doing so confirms that you are acting as other discord users. OceanBabe_xX420 messages you back a hug emoji. At this moment, your life feels complete. You then show her a meme about women being inferior and she sends a giggling emoji, along with the beautiful words, "kek, that's pretty dank kek poggers lmao xD".

You repeat this process for about two months when, one day, OceanBabe_xX420 turns herself onto "Do not disturb" after you message her. Anger builds burns up inside you as you spontaneously combust, letting out a mighty roar and knocking over your Pepsi on the side of your bed. You're so enraged that you don't even bother to make amends, instead of letting the energy drink pour all over your underwear and half-eaten KFC. You message OceanBabe_xX420 an extremely threatening, but still good-natured, "Looks at you slightly sadly >.<", once again italicising the text to let them that your verbs are doing something.

Ten minutes later and you still haven't heard anything back from OceanBabe_xX420. Your large fingers curl into an awkward fist. Just as your about to let out the mightiest roar to the computer screen, you hear a knock at your door.

"Hey sweety pup, tea's ready." Your frail mother has left food outside of your door, too afraid to go in since the incident last time, in which you knocked one of her teeth out in a fit of rage, throwing an Xbox controller at her jaw for the crime of entering your room unauthorized.

"I don't fucking care bitch I'm talking my friends from school!" You scream at your mother as you hear her leave, making sure not to tell her that you've never met this person in your life and that they're from a different country - they wouldn't understand, they're just normies after all. Once again, you send a demanding, super-alpha-male message, "uh hello? _-_ don't you think it srude to just put yourself on do not distucrb like that after I just clearly messaged you? I mean what the hell what dthe fuck did I do to desevre theis shit?", followed by an italicised, "glares".

Hours pass with no response and only a few new holes in your bedroom wall. You go to message OceanBabe_xX420 one last time only to find out she has blocked you. Your heart stops, realisation hits you like a train as you let out a blood-curdling screech. You punch the wall over and over and over, shouting that all women are inferior multiple times, but nothing can bring back OceanBabe_xX420, and deep down, you know it. Running down the stairs, you push past your crying mother, telling her to move the fuck out of the way in a semi-forceful tone - you decide to run away.

Out on the streets you march on, crying whilst muttering that all women deserve death, among other things, much to the concern of literally anyone who passes by. You step out onto the port and stare at the deep, cold ocean below, looking for ocean monuments like a true gamer. The more you stare, the more the ocean stares back, smiling softly, ever tempting you to its warm embrace - but the embrace is not cold as you soon find out.

Foolishly, you jump in, thinking that it'll somehow prove to the world that you are a man - that you are not just a self-pitying freak, but someone people can aspire to be. But the water is cold and angry. The ocean gives a sly smirk at your struggles as you shout for help, but soon, your throat spasms due to the cold, stopping you from making any noise. After struggling for what seems like hours, you accept your fate. As you fall deeper and deeper, you take one last look at the ocean surface above you; you could've sworn it was smiling back, teasingly. You lose your consciousness and, in due time, your life, to the deep, blue, and ever-colder ocean.