Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nxqh5s/35_reasons_to_work_at_discord/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


1. Forgiven for all illegal ToS acts. 

2. Allowed to abuse your power. 

3. Continue to hide the rate-limited timer for your own amusement. 

4. Browse furry child porn without punishment. 

5. Create an annoying report system because adding a report button in the UI is too hard. 

6. Do nothing about all the illegal ToS servers, but remember to ban random servers if they critique discord on YouTube. 

7. In regards to reason six, remember to ban the owner as well. 

8. Continue to make changing the background with external CSS against ToS for some illogical reason. 

9. In regards to reason eight, do absolutely nothing about the people who do this though. Just keep the rule in for fun. 

10. Gain the ability to censor anyone who doesn't agree with your world views. 

11. Randomly send people with no mobile phones required phone verification for no reason at all. 

12. Continue to be massive furries and word every email like a down-syndromed autist. 

13. Don't fix any of the bugs and instead work on Nitro features that no one cares about. 

14. In regards to reason thirteen, remember to charge a stupidly high price for such low-tier rewards. 

15. Act like a bunch of preschoolers instead of contributing to society. 

16. Continue to ignore law-breaking content on servers and give no transparency on any issues. 

17. Ban people who raid law-breaking servers, but don't ban the actual servers, they can stay. 

18. Receive an official badge declaring your homosexuality and virginity. 

19. Never bring up the discord game store and pretend it doesn't exist because the idea was stupid. 

20. Have zero moderation of any bots, ever. 

21. Sell everyone's data to big tech companies because you make no money because no one cares for nitro. 

22. In regards to reason twenty-one, never improve nitro, or people might call you out on selling data due to "no money". 

23. Play with flashy-light things. 

24. Add pointless emojis hardly anyone will find. 

25. Add a bunch of really cool features, but only allows programmers who work with guilds access because your too lazy to add it to the UI. 

26. In regards to reason twenty-five, an example would be emojis locked to certain roles. That exists, just not in the UI. 

27. Do nothing and get paid anyway. 

28. Protect paedophiles at all costs. 

29. Protect staff at all costs and remember no discord staff member can do anything wrong, ever. 

30. Make your support team the laziest, ineffective idiots in all of human history, that'll go down well with reason eleven. 

31. Put zero effort into fixing the company's reputation until someone finally makes a decent competitor. 

32. Look in the mirror and re-evaluate your life, then ignore all possible advice because you're an idiot. 

33. Disappoint your parents when applying. 

34. Manage a terrible YouTube channel where everyone is positive no matter what you do. 

35. Retire.