Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/nxok64/minecraft_420_the_based_update/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Blazes are now tamable.

If you enter the nether with your chest plate off, blazes will become attracted to you and will begin to emit steam from below them rather than smoke from above them. Following this, right-clicking underneath them, into them, with a blaze rod will cause the blaze to drop lots of magma cream. Now, blazes will follow the player, occasionally emitted steam whilst awkwardly staring at the player, and will attack other blazes out of jealousy. They will also occasionally make the player food items. However, entering the nether with too much gold, or entering without wearing leggings, will cause the blazes to be more hostile, as there is not equal pay and the latter action is just rude.


Black people are now in Minecraft.

To meet new standards, we have added black people to Minecraft. Black people will spawn in Savannah biomes and can be tamed with either cooked chicken or watermelons. They are often seen in groups of families, known as tribes. Black people can be added to villagers, in the spirit of the 1.14 update and will work for them, lowering trading prices. However, if a black person is accidentally killed by an Iron Golem (being naturally curious, they may shoot an arrow at a Golem for fun) they will start a raid. If they are not defeated with the new water cannon item, they will set the entire village on fire.


Water cannons!

Water cannons have been added into Minecraft as a new PvP mechanic; blast enemies away with this new item.


Meet Notch; the new boss mob.

Notch has been added as a secret boss mob. To spawn Notch, build a transgender flag and place a lightning rod in the middle of it. Once lightning hits, Notch will spawn and begin spamming the chat with based opinions. To defeat Notch, you must pay 250 minecoins. Following this, he will drop a gender apple, which will allow you to convert villagers into female villagers, opening up new trading routes such as prostitution and images.