Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/o3sa0t/a_discord_moderator_killed_my_girlfriend/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


As I was walking home with my girlfriend we decided to walk down a small shopping street, where only a few little shops lay. They were the kind of cheap, best-buy shops that sold things like pop and microwave food for a pound or just under. Whilst walking past, my girlfriend moved closer to me, noting that a man was staring at her from the floor. Confused, I looked where she had looked.

Sitting on the ground, lazily slouched over with his back to a wall, was a mildly obese, unshaven man who appeared to look both in his early sixteens and his early thirties at the same time. It was a bizarre sight and the man seemed to juxtapose everyone else in the area. The man continued staring whilst licking his lips in an atypical fashion and we judged that, if we entered the store for a few minutes, maybe he would be gone by the time we came out. In the shop, I bought my girlfriend a few cans, as we were planning a 'fun night' and she commented that had begun raining, despite a lack of clouds a few moments prior.

We exited the store and continued our journey. After a minute, I stopped. Confused, my girlfriend asked what was the matter. I told her to look around and she did, after which she still looked at me with a kind of, "are you high?" face. However, it only took a few words to let reality hit her: "There are no people here." Her eyes widened slightly at the realization. Here we were, at what was usually a busy shopping street, and everyone had suddenly vanished. A fog had formed too, making it harder to see, and the rain had begun pouring harder.

I held my girlfriend closer as we continued walking through the now thick fog. The next event was a new sound that could be heard, a subtle, almost malicious whistle. The wind had picked up, and it had done so rapidly. My girlfriend suggested that we may be in a downburst, as she had watched the weather forecast the night prior and noted that areas of low and high pressure were both practically everywhere at once, which confused her. I don't know shit about meteorology, but I assumed she was right. However, I did know enough to know that downbursts can kill, so we agreed to quickly look for any nearby shelter. That's when we saw him, evidently a discord user after introducing himself by saying immature and incomprehensible furry phrases.

He was bigger now as if the layers of fat had duplicated themselves. Although, in hindsight, it may have been wind causing him to look like a flowing, mess of jelly. He let out a large belch whilst licking his lips almost furiously.

"I notice your girlfriend is a woman, UwU." The man said in an almost child-like tone, bothering to pronounce the letters U, w, and U one by one. I remember raising an eyebrow at him, confused out of my damn mind. "You know kitten, I moderate twelve different servers, what does your boyfriend do?" My girlfriend whimpered, hiding behind me from the crazed discord moderator. "According to most rules, moderator's decisions are final, and I've decided I don't like your attitude." The fat, depraved predator stepped closer, brandishing a butter knife. I, stupidly, asked why he was carrying a butter knife on him, to which he simply responded in a soft tone, "I'm hungry."

Suddenly, the moderator turned around, yet his face still faced us  - I could clearly hear his neck snap as he did this. Then, he got on all fours and began scurrying towards us at surprising speeds, laughing all the way. My girlfriend screamed as the man pounced on her, but like an enraged pitbull, I simply couldn't get the deranged man off her. What happened next almost made me throw up right there and then: the creature was naked now; his my little pony t-shirt had ripped off during his transformation. He quickly slipped my girlfriend's short skirt and frilly white panties off, smelling and licking them whilst getting his butter knife out. From there, he placed butter on my girlfriend's special place and began his meal.

I could hear his tongue lapping the butter up, pushing it inside of her and it made me furious. Yet, as I attempted to get this fucking lunatic off of her, a harsh wind pushed me back  - of all the times for a downburst to occur and it had to be then; sod's law to the maximum. Unfortunately for me and my girlfriend, this man was so fucking overweight that the eighty miles an hour winds were no match and they couldn't move him a millimeter. After what seemed like hours of the man enjoying his meal, he snapped his head back in the proper direction and let out the largest burp I had ever heard. I could feel it vibrate within me and the wind soon blew the putrid smell into my nostrils.

The man took out his less-than-average-sized member, forcing it into my tearful girlfriend. Once more, I desperately charged at him, and once more, strong, straight-line winds threw into a nearby street light. For the next five minutes, I tried to run at him over and over again until the wind finally claimed its victory over me. Exhausted, I gave up and let the wind humiliate me. It stroked my cheek whilst cackling in a howling whistle, as if to tell me, "There there, little boy, you'll be alright."

After the man got up off my girlfriend, I thought it was finally over, but it was just the fucking beginning. The fat bastard then proceeded to pour Dorito dust straight from his ruined shirt onto my girlfriend, then licked her all over, paying special attention to her armpits and ears. I couldn't watch it any longer. Cursing the wind, I made one last run at the man, but the wind, rather than throwing me again, simply stopped me, like someone placing a firm hand on my chest. As the rain poured heavily, I realized that even the storm was crying now  - it must have been trying to push the other man off, not me. However, it was futile: the man was simply too much of a fat fucker to budge an inch.

A deafening scream was heard and the wind and I stopped, both in shock of just how desperate and deprived it all sounded. I watched in horror as I saw the greasy man stuffing the now snapped butter knife into my girlfriend's privates, carving out the flesh like a pumpkin and hungrily snatching it out, shoving it into his mouth. His eating sounds alone caused me to hyperventilate and the rain stopped; the storm must have been trying to breathe too. My girlfriend wailed and wailed as the moderator giggled, clapping his hands together in a state of ecstatic excitement like a young child, occasionally talking to himself in a high-pitched voice about how his server would be so proud of his work. Then, he shoved his whole arm into my girlfriend and she let out her final scream. I watched in absolute disgust, anger, and God knows what else as he pulled her intestines, liver, and pancreas out of her opening, furiously and rapidly chewing on it like a hungry pack of wolves, occasionally letting out the odd, repulsive fart. Finally, he took out his blooded knife and cut her two breasts off, placed them right in his mouth, and looked me dead in the eye. He screamed at me, "UwU!", once more pronouncing the letters. He screamed this phrase over, and over, and over again, jumping and clapping in joy. I simply watched in disbelief at whatever I had just witnessed. Then, he took out his knife and approached me. I closed my eyes and braced for death.

My eyes opened. I saw the man rolling away from me like a pathetic haybale, shouting for help. It was only when I looked up and noticed a tightly-wrapped, ghost-like, twirling rope of cloud stabbing the ground near him in pure rage did I understand his motion. Its angered winds roared throughout the empty street as it dragged the disgusting abomination straight to the gates of hell for what he had done. But whilst the storm got its revenge, the rain stopped, and the only pouring water was my soft tears as I whispered and croaked my girlfriend's name, hugging her corpse tightly. 

Fuck discord moderators.