Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/o8z7ch/mask/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


All of you antis are so pathetic. I watched Dream's "MASK" and it is not just fucking sympathy-bait. When I first watched it, I genuinely cried. You see, I was diagnosed with ADHD too and I completely understand Dream's frustration with the normal pills. I threw away my normal pills too and I have turned out completely fine.

Every day, all I see is fucking homophobic antis with a moral stick up their ass complaining about how fapping to depictions of Dream fucking 17-year-olds is bad because they're too thick to realize that it's just a DRAWING - IT'S NOT REAL. Just like all the negative reviews of the song aren't real - they're just cynical hit-pieces made from jealous homophobes and racists.

This music video is genuinely one of the most informative, inspirational pieces of music ever written. I mean it's definitely better than the straight male shit from hundreds of years ago - who the fuck listens to shit like Bach anymore? Dream's "MASK" is 10x better than that mass in b minor shit.

As I said, the music video is genuinely inspirational and it has inspired me to throw away my dad's normal pills as well. I'm sick of seeing them tear down my Dad's creativity - no wonder he has chronic depression.

Also, to the cunts in school saying that I don't have ADHD, or saying that going into the diagnosis process after drinking ten cans of Monster was a stupid thing to do, you're all just jealous that I and Dream can succeed despite our altercations, unlike you transphobes. 


Edit: My dad has killed himself and honestly, I'm glad. After reading the suicide note, he wrote all kinds of horrible things like, "My daughter has a serious addiction to the internet and I should've raised her better" and, "I do not know who this guy is, but my daughter keeps talking explicitly how she wants to have sexual intercourse with him and his minor friends and be their sloppy seconds cum slut, and I'm realising how useless I am." This suicide note is very bigotted and so I am glad he's dead.