Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/Dreams/comments/o979es/are_my_dreams_normal/ 
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


hello, i'd like to share a dream I had the other night because I'm not sure whether it's normal for these to happen and i'm a bit worried lol.

so basically I just turned thirteen a few days ago and I invited a few of my friends to come over for a sleepover. Everything went fine and the party was great but when we got to the bedroom the mood changed.

the oldest girl invited, who was fifteen, was slightly drunk and started introducing us to the birds and the bees. being thirteen, i didn't know what she was on about but she told us all to get naked and we did. she told us to close our eyes and, after i closed my eyes, i felt a feeling i'd never felt before rush through my entire body. She told me to keep my eyes closed and think about something good, so I did.

I don't know why or how, but as this continued I felt something inside of me go in and out of my faster and faster, and for some reason all I could think about was Dream. I kept thinking of Dream doing things to me that I've thought about anyone doing to me before. He was on top of me, biting and my neck whilst pounding is body against me, grunting each time. I don't know how I was having these thoughts, as I've never had them before, but I was.

after around twenty minutes of this, i felt my entire body weirdly arch back, as if i was haunted. I felt my secret parts tense up and for some reason I suddenly felt the urge to pee. I tried warning the oldest girl but she wouldn't get away from me before it was too late. I ended up peeing everywhere and i was super embarrassed but the older girl insisted that it was normal and that I should keep doing it.

I can't stop myself. I don't know why but everytime I sleep now I don't even bother getting dressed into different clothes. I go into my room and just keep moaning Dream's name in my sleep whilst putting my school pencils inside me with one hand and cupping my chest in my other hand, just like what that girl taught me to do. I've found this weird, kind of lump that feels really good when I rub it and I've had to make three excuses already about why uniform needs washing, and I'm scared that my dad will give me another black eye if he finds out I've been lying to him.

I'm just scared and confused? Is this normal? Has this been happening to other Dream fans lately or girls in general? I'm really worried.