Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/o99w4a/my_cum_is_better_than_your_worthless_cum/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


My cum is better than your worthless cum. Your minimal spunk has no taste, no texture, no nothing. It's just a very pale, barely yellow fluid. My cum, on the other hand, is a perfectly white, jelly-like goop, loaded with sperm cells that have a beautiful, rich, salty taste.

My cum is better than your worthless cum. Your abhorrent mess only shoots a maximum of two feet away from your average-sized penis, with barely any force at all. My cum, on the other hand, blasts into orbit from my 10-inch pussy railer, shooting multiple loads at a time with a force of 2000 Newtons.

My cum is better than your worthless cum. Your disgusting array of gametes can only swim up to 1.5 centimeters up the average vagina, making it worthless for producing more of our species. My cum, on the other hand, is made up of Olympic gold-medal standard swimmer semen that can travel at 30 miles per hour to reach my girlfriends' wombs in a fraction of a second, with hundreds of sperms causing them to give birth to quadruplets minimum, making me more important for the human race than you.

My cum is better than your worthless cum. Your pathetic arrangement of sperm cells is not tactical in the slightest, being killed off by whichever sorry "whore who actually bothered to fuck you"'s immune system the moment you have your minute, silly little "orgasm". My cum, on the other hand, are all the supreme generals of my body's cells, cleverly avoiding any traps my girlfriends' immune systems have foolishly been naive enough to put in place to stop their immutable assault.

My cum is better than your worthless cum. Your futile, overly-optimistic seeds do nothing but claim welfare off of your body's own resources. Think about it, you pay to eat food to support these little shits that you have the nerve to call sperm, professor, and yet you don't even punish them once for their shit attitude. My cum, on the other hand, is regularly reminded that it must perform to the absolute optimum of perfection at all times. If not, I go on a hunger strike and show them where they would be without me. Then, because my beautiful jizzies aren't lazy slobs like your own, professor, they work hard to get straight back to being in tip-top condition, ready for my girlfriends.

My cum is better than your worthless cum, professor. I will not leave this shit, abysmal classroom just because your beta-male, inferior, in-need-of-being-ethnically-cleansed jissoms are worse than my "apex predators-of-the-pussy"s. I mean seriously, you call yourself a professor? Professor in what, having shit cum? How can you even expect for a second that any old bastard in this room will think you are an authority figure when your silly little spooges are so terrible compared to my own? The people in this room know that I am the professor, not you. You are nothing but a filthy, depraved little cum goblin who steals other's cum in a desperate attempt to hide his own embarrassing collection of cock soldiers.

My cum is better than your worthless cum, professor. Do I need to say it one more fucking time? My cum is better than your worthless, minimal, abhorrent, disgusting, pathetic, futile sperms will ever be. Ever. Don't even try to change the useless pillocks because there is simply no chance that this universe can entertain the possibility that your cum may one day be one day better than mine. It won't happen, you stupid prick.

My cum is better than your worthless cum.