Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/oaltxy/infinite_pubic_hair/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Infinite pubic hair. You sit in the bath to cut your pubic hair in a contained area, but the hair grows back rapidly. After ten cutting sessions, you start to worry. Both your privates and hands are covered in pubic hairs. You desperately shove your pants back on, but that only makes your crotch hurt. The pubic hair grows further. It's been three minutes. Your pubic hair can't stop growing. Your body is covered in a thin layer of crotch hair and the smell nearly makes you pass out. You try strapping a razor to yourself, but that breaks the razor. You try the bleach. The hair burns the bleach away. You lock the bathroom door to prevent your pubic hair from sprouting further throughout the kid's party. Your body grows hot, sweaty, and smelly as the pubic hair continues to grow. The pubic hair grows further. You trip and fall on your own pubic hair. The hair is now six inches long all over your body, almost as long as the electric razor you strapped to yourself mere moments prior. Sprawled on your back, the pubic hair grows rapidly towards the light, like a plant. Fine grains of dust fall on your face from the ceiling above you as the pubic hair roots within the walls of the indoor fair. The pubic hair grows further. You struggle to stand as the force of the pubic hair begins to disorientate your centre of gravity, knocking you to your feet. On your knees, the pubic hair is now rooted deep within the entire building. To avoid suffocating you open the bathroom door. Your eyes widen with instant regret as a large rumbling is heard. The pubic hair grows further. Suddenly, the entire building begins to collapse and you hear hundreds of children and parents scream in terror as the sound of cracking and falling bricks becomes louder and louder. The crashing sound amplifies louder and louder until no screaming and crying can be heard. There are only the sounds like a waterfall of bricks, dust, and pubic hair. Your body, like every other body, is crushed. A viscous mass of bloody pubic hair shoots out of your body at 529 miles per hour from the force of the bricks landing on you. The pubic hair grows further. The pubic hair begins to grow into the Earth itself and nearby soil becomes infertile for anything but. Farmers return to their crops in the following hours. Their eyes widen at the site of the crops being entangled with a thick layer of bloody pubic hair. The police are called to the scene. After investigating, they can't work out where all the pubic hair is coming from. Meanwhile, ambulance workers rush into the crushed building, unaware of the danger. None of them leaves the building. As panic ensues, the government is notified by the local council and calls a state of emergency. Shock stories then play across the news, reporting dangerous pubic hair growth across the region. The pubic hair grows further. Earthquakes of up to magnitude seven begin happening frequently throughout the region. Roads and pavements, even in normal conditions, begin to crack and slowly pull apart and pubic hair sticks out of their weaker areas. Some buildings slowly sink into the ground as pubic hair within their walls grows downwards into softer soil, pulling the building with them. Hospitals are evacuated as pubic hair penetrates any of their defenses, entering some of the patients. Despite what could've been an easy eradication, soon the entire town is sprawling with pubic hair, as the ever incompetent government has failed to deal with such a threat. The entire town leaves and all populations are prevented from entering, including via force. The pubic hair grows further. After a few years, everything seems normal, although science teams graphic the frequency of Earthquakes and other tectonic activity have noticed a sharp increase over the past few years. Without warning, the ground shakes... globally. Millions of communities scream as all sorts of alarms sound in the area. Magnitude ten earthquakes occur in every village on the planet as the entire northern hemisphere is pulled away from the southern hemisphere, with a bridge of pubic hair forming between them. The iron core of the Earth beings quantum-fucking with the pubic hair, causing it to grow in all directions from the sphere. The pubic hair, as it is pulled, becomes thinner than plank's constant metres and it enters wave-particle duality. Reaching the speed of light, the pubic hair rips the planet apart until the pubic hair itself is ripped apart. The sudden release of the elastic potential energy converts to more kinetic energy, forcing the now two clumps of pubic hair to travel faster than the speed of light. Time dilation tries to occur, but can't: the pubic hair has gotten so small that it is preventing quantum physics - it has reached the deepest truths of the universe. Scientists, if still alive, would more than likely be studying it daily, teaching children about the pubic hair speed exponential function. But, they are all dead, suffocated by pubic hair. In just a few days, the pubic hair's thinness breaks reality even further. The universe begins to shit itself, suddenly growing pubic hair out of nothing. Every supercluster in the universe becomes yet another clump of pubic hair. The pubic hair grows further. There is not a single bit of space left in the universe. Everything is pubic hair. All matter is pubic hair. All energy is pubic hair. All atoms have been converted to pubic hair atoms, whose atomic masses are equal to one pubic hairs and are made of a single type of quark: pubic hair quarks. The pubic hair grows further - not in distance, but in time. Time itself now becomes distance, whereas the original concept of distance becomes more pubic hair. The pubic hair grows further, for eternity.