Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/ocgujk/i_lost_my_daughter_and_wife_to_dream/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine (via u/Mr-Izarus).


Hello Reddit, this is a serious post. I am disowning my daughter, my wife has left me and I am in tears writing this.

Five weeks ago, I let my daughter use the internet for the first time. She had just turned 13. I didn't want my daughter to use the internet before 13 because being on the internet myself, I know what kind of people are out there and I didn't believe she would be able to defend herself at that age. She became immersed in it all, and it brought a smile to my face. It reminded me of when I first used the internet and how soon became infatuated with the content I loved.

Things went well for the first three weeks. However, after three weeks, I began changes in her behavior. Before, she would gladly take her pills and have no trouble with them. She did not view herself as "not normal", or "normal", as she did not believe in such concepts; everyone was equal, to her. She, despite her age, was quite bright, understanding the scientific development and usage of such pills. However, one day, she refused to take the pills. I tried telling her the same things she had told me just days before. I tried telling her that the pills were made by good doctors with good intentions and that the pills were there as a remedy for an unfortunate stroke of bad luck during brain development. I tried telling her that it didn't make her any more or less normal. However, she did not listen. Instead, she just kept telling me that they were "normal pills" and "normal pills" are bad.

As the days moved on, she still did not take her pills and I was beginning to worry. I had caught her crying many times, more than likely due to hallucinations, but every time I probed her she refused to admit that it was not taking the pills that were causing the tears. Instead, she would give me excuses, like how she was "just feeling down" and needed some time. The clever girl still kept hold of her sciences close, telling me that the tears would release hormones to stop the feelings, but I knew different. However, when I told her that said hormones would not stop hallucinations she shouted at me, telling me that I did not understand.

A few days later, she came home from school. I had begged my wife to not send her to school when at risk of reaching such conditions but she didn't listen, saying she was probably just going through a phrase. Now, to give some context, my daughter hated tattoos, or any form of ink being on her skin at all. So, you can imagine my shock when my daughter came home from school with green hearts outlines in black all over her arms. When I asked her about it, she simply said that she had always liked tattoos and that I must've been going crazy. However, I pushed further and she mentioned something to do with dreams. Then, she stopped, clearly knowing she had said something that she should not have.

I investigated one night, alone. Searching on Google, I typed in "dream green heart", to see if any other people were going through the same experience. It was then when I encountered a YouTuber by the name of Dream. I couldn't believe it. My once, rational daughter, was becoming obsessed with, of all things, a Minecraft YouTuber. I then watched this man's recent music video, "Mask" and a shiver ran down my spine. There I saw wicked imagery of pills being bad, that failing is OK and that "normal pills" should be thrown away. I couldn't believe it. I was furious. How could a man with such a large influence say such repulsive, dangerous things? As if a bunch of kids really have the ability to take into context that he's only talking about his own personal life.
I rushed to my daughter's room to help her, to tell her that this man was a bad influence but the door was locked. Fearing the worst, I repeatedly banged on the door, screaming my daughter's name. I thought she had done something stupid. I thought she was scared that I found out about the man and, without the help of the pills, she had done something terribly stupid. I screamed and screamed and cried her name for an hour. I was born with a physical condition, so I wasn't strong enough to knock the door down - besides, if she was alive, that would surely traumatize her without the pills. Eventually, I got desperate, so I took a drill and drilled a small peep-hole into the door, and looked. I couldn't believe what I saw.

My daughter was naked, whilst wearing headphones. She wasn't doing anything sexual, after all, she wouldn't even know of such things. But she was stood up on the bed, naked whilst wearing headphones. I was perplexed until I noticed the soft light of a webcam indicator being emitted from her laptop. My eyes widened: someone was convincing her to do this, to show them her body. I became angry, hitting the door as hard as I could, but it was no use. All I could do is watch in horror as my sweet girl's innocence was stolen by some freak.

Eventually, my daughter unlocked the door, went to the bathroom, then slept in her room. Finally, I was able to investigate further. I opened her laptop and checked. Turns out, she had been in a video call with someone pretending to be Dream. My usually rational daughter was not rational due to the lack of pills, so she was incredibly vulnerable. I won't detail the messages, but know that they are perverted and sick.

By the time the next two weeks had come along, things had gone from bad to horrible. My wife had started watching Dream too, and no matter how many times I tried to warn them that he was a bad influence on our daughter and that we shouldn't encourage the viewing of his content, she did not listen. She watched Dream with my daughter every day for two weeks. Eventually, I even found out that my wife had been attempting to contact Dream to send pictures and videos of her own and I was enraged. That was it, enough was enough. When my daughter went to school, I shouted at my wife. "How could you?" I shouted and cried. Then, she had the audacity to say that it was my fault and that I was not a good enough dad. Then, the worst thing that has ever happened to me in the world so far happened: she blackmailed me.

She said that if I didn't disown my daughter and let them stay with her, forever, she would do all kinds of things. She said she would convince the police that I was a womanizer, evil among other things. She said she would get in contact with what she called, "Dream stans" and spread the word around that I was a rapist and abuser. She said so many horrible things and I couldn't believe my ears. Like the idiot I am, I gave in. I gave her my daughter, my sweet child. She's gone; they're all gone.

I'm in tears writing this. I haven't seen my child in five days now. Looking at social media, all I see is my daughter and my mother playing together, watching Dream together, all without a single pill. I can only imagine the horrors my child sees when she hallucinates, now made all the worse by her innocence being stolen from her like that. I can only imagine that when she hallucinates, she must see people lying to her, demanding to see her naked, demanding to see her perform sex acts, demanding with vicious grins. I can only imagine that she hallucinates being trapped in a prison, screaming for release. And It's all my fault. I gave in. It's my fault. I'm sorry. I don't usually make posts like this but I have to get my side of the story out there. My daughter was taken from me via blackmail, my daughter and wife both have a sexual crush on a Minecraft YouTuber and my wife won't let my once rational daughter take the "normal pills" anymore. It's all my fault and I don't know how this happened.

I love her so much. I loved them all so much.