Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/oedpnh/eyeballs_turn_me_on/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


I have a confession to make.

I really like eyes. I really, really like eyes. I haven't told my husband about this, since I'm scared he'll think I'm a lunatic and leave me, but I like eyes.

Now, I know what you're all thinking: "How is liking someone's eyes bad?" Well, it's not like that. I like eyes sexually. When I'm wet, I often imagine myself doing various things to people's eyes. When my husband is asleep, I imagine opening his eyelids without his consent and slowly moving my tongue up and down his eyeball, making sure to lap up any eyeball juices from the sides.

But sometimes I want more. Sometimes, when I'm really wet, I imagine myself forcefully pushing my tongue into my husband's eyes and curling it so that my tongue goes behind his eyes. I imagine moaning softly to myself whilst I lick all of his lovely eye juices and anything else around and behind his eyes like the little slut I am.

But sometimes I want more. Sometimes, when I'm incredibly wet, I imagine being a crazed, madwoman, softly nibbling and biting his eyes, enjoying the mushy taste as some of the eyeballs deflate, with the eyeballs juices and bits of the eyeballs squirting into my mouth. I imagine myself gagging at the taste whilst I finger myself, all the while still nibbling and licking behind his eyes.

But sometimes I want more. Sometimes, when I'm as wet as possible, I imagine myself as a doctor, scantily clad whilst slowly and softly cutting my husband's eyeballs out. I imagine taking them and running a bead through them, using them as anal beads. I imagine having one of my husband's eyes deep in my ass whilst my muscles contract like a snake, squeezing it and making it ooze out its eyeball juices deep inside me, whilst I push another one of his eyeball's deep inside my pussy, squirting out my own juices along with bits of the crushed eyeball and even more eyeball juice's.

But sometimes I want more. Sometimes, when I've exceeded the usual limit of being wet, I imagine myself taking my entire family's eyeballs out - my husband's eyes, my daughter's eyes, and my son's eyes. I imagine biting down and chewing my husband's eyes in my mouth whilst the juices fill me up, whilst shoving my son's and daughter's eyes all into my pussy. I imagine feeling the total amount of eyeball's inside me stretching me wide like the good little eyeball slut I am. I want it so much.

Anyway, I'm telling you all this because I need someone to know. The thought of someone knowing just what I want to do with your eyes makes me incredibly horny, but I can't tell my husband because he might leave me.