Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/opcj82/semen_demon/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


You walk down the dimly lit path nervously, listening for any sounds in the nearby bushes. "It was just rumors", you think to yourself, "It can't be true." They were rumors of the semen demon.

The semen demon was described differently by different people, but a common theme lasted throughout all accounts: it was a tall man who would appear at teenage girl's windows, or to them directly and commit horrors. It is said by some their urethra would extend ten meters like a snake, committing crime whilst the demon stood motionless. Regardless of the truth, you didn't want to meet such a man.

Your eyes widen as you take a sharp breath, shaken by the sudden sound from the bushes. Your peer closer and closer. Your eyes are half shut, bracing for whatever monster is about to come for you. It's a kitten. You laugh to yourself, feeling stupid, before reaching your holiday log cabin safely and drifting off to sleep.

You jump up, sweat all over your body as you hear a loud knocking on the window. Your eyes widen in horror as you see a tall man staring blankly at you, semen leaking from his mouth: it's the semen demon. You jump up darting throughout the log cabin to lock every door and window before returning to your bedroom. He's still there, staring softly. Out of nowhere, he moves, making you jump a little. He begins waging his finger at you scoldingly, all the while his expression never changing. Then, you see his urethra move up and up and up - it must have been at least 12 meters, if not more. You slowly back away from the window crying as you realize what's about to happen. The semen demon's urethra begins carefully cutting into the glass, like a thief stealing a jewel in a cartoon. The glass breaks.

You scream for help as the urethra grabs hold of you, wrapping around your neck, arms, and legs, pinning you to your bed. The urethra itself has become enlarged with blood, forming its own separate penis, layered in a coating of nettle-like hairs. Without your consent, it plunges into you and you scream again, this time in agony. You can feel your inner walls burning, begging for help as the hairs prick and slice at them. Blood oozes out of your vagina but the semen demon does not care. Again and again, it forces itself into you. Finally, it releases its juices.

The cum accelerates. Gallons and gallons of cum it seems begin spraying out of your pussy like a thumb under a tap. There are bucket loads of it, and, like everything else, it's horrible. The cum is hot enough to scold and at this point, you can't even feel it - the cum has burnt away all the nerves left in your pussy. However, you can still feel it pouring further up the rest of your body. You writhe in pain, breaking your voice box as you whail, feeling the burning liquid inside you destroy your flesh and causing massive internal bleeding. Eventually, the semen demon sadistically shoves his spiked urethra down your throat (still outside the window), cumming again. Your throat feels like you just drank bleach and once more your body writhes around as your squeal, desperately fighting back but failing miserably. Without warning, the semen demon leaves unexpectedly leaves.

You sit in your bed naked, crying your eyes out as you observe the tragedy. Blood is all over your bed rushing out of you and every part of your body feels like a knife is stabbing it. You quickly make a mad dash to the bathroom and sit in the cold running shower, rocking back and forth, arms wrapped around your body, tears still streaming down your face as you succumb to your emotions. You then hear your log cabin door open and, hearing your cries, your parents enter the bathroom. They drop their shopping bag, stunned.