Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/peyogb/i_think_my_dog_is_into_me/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


I know this sounds like a stupid post but I genuinely think my dog is into me. It all started when I was a kid. My mother bought me a puppy for my 8th birthday and it was completely fine until I hit puberty. After hitting puberty, I noticed a few odd things that my dog kept doing.


1. When I first hit puberty at around 12-years-old, my dog would occasionally stare at me. It would never take my eyes off me until I showered.

2. After a few years of puberty, my dog would lay down on me a lot more than it lay on my parents. Sometimes as I was lying on the couch watching a movie or something it started trying to press its whole body against me. At the time, I thought this was cute but I'm now second-guessing everything.

3. One time I was stroking my dog's back and as I went down to grab the remote I noticed my dog had an erection - it was the first time I saw my dog with an erection and it looked weird.


The reason why I'm saying all of this now is that last night there was an incident with the dog. I'm currently F16 and I had gotten out of the shower and had done up my hair like most girls my age and came downstairs wearing a towel. As I walked across the living room I dropped something in my hands, so I went over to pick it up. Suddenly, I felt my dog try to mount me and, I swear to God, I could've sworn I felt my dog's penis slightly hit my you-know-where. I quickly jumped up and ran upstairs and ever since my dog has been doing the same usual, staring behavior at me.

I think my dog is into me and I don't know what to do. I want to just tell it to fucking stop and leave me alone but I can't, since my dog doesn't understand English. Hell, I know it's wrong as fuck but I'm so lonely that a sick part of me wants to see what would've happened if I didn't jump and run, just out of curiosity. I really don't know what to do and I'm looking for help.

Should I disown my dog, or see what happens next?