Copypasta link: https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/pn5z3n/rcopypasta_12th_anniversary_tribute/
Original Poster: u/xSerpentine


Twelve years ago, on 13th September 2009, a subreddit by the name of r/copypasta was created. Whilst not the most famous subreddit, it is, in my opinion, the greatest subreddit. At first, it may seem stupid to believe that a subreddit dedicated to archiving copypasta could have any sort of community. And yet, here we are, with all of our histories and togetherness regardless.

It has not always been easy on us. The murder of Cummy, Emojifier, and others has taught us that, even on a subreddit dedicated to archival, things we hold dear can still be lost forever. At the end of the day, we all know the truth: Cummy didn't kill themselves.

However, we need not be overcome by sadness by these losses, even if at times nostalgia still hits us hard. Let us not forget that we are still here, even if Cummy and others are not. Let us not forget that 877,000 fellow pasta chefs are still here, even if others are not. Let us not forget the community that we have indeed built, whereas others more capable have not. r/teenagers and other subreddits may be highly popular, but a simple look at them tells you all you need to know: their randomness is built from no connections to one another; our randomness is built purely from the vague connection, our mission, and dedication we have.

The description of this subreddit only tells half the story. We are dedicated to the archival of copypasta, that is true, but we are also dedicated to the discussion of said copypasta, and the many jokes that can be told amongst ourselves about them. We are dedicated and proud of our lore that comes from this discussion, and do not take it lightly, but not too seriously either. We are dedicated to the creation of several, original copypasta. There are countless talented writers (chefs) here, all with the same common goal: create copypasta. The beauty of this is that all original copypasta created is created for a purpose or perhaps not - they are diverse (and not by force). Some original copypasta may be created as an inside joke, some created to bring happiness, some to create troll/raid ammunition, some to cause horror, some to speculate our own history and lore and some don't have a reason and that's fine. Most importantly to all of this that we've built: we are not cruel people. I've been on this subreddit for a few months now and I've yet to see a single poster here ostracised or targetted, or anything else of the sort.

Despite all this, there will always be people against us. I myself commonly see people attempt to smear anyone and everyone who participates in this subreddit over the contents of certain copypasta. For example, the "You are not a real woman" copypasta and others like it. There will always be people who fail to realize that archiving a copypasta does not mean all 877,000 people agree with it and must, for some reason, be punished because of it - that doesn't even begin to address all the people who take our shitposting seriously and try to do things about it, and those people should be ignored - they aren't impactful enough at all to stop us now

To move back to a more positive tone, I must give a large message of thanks to this community. My own life is, for the lack of a better term, dangerously mundane/melancholic - i.e. fucking boring. However, this subreddit provides a truly good place to both interact with others and just read goofy shit. A few months ago, when I first started creating original copypasta through my cult, I never would've thought I'd be at copypasta #90, nearing 100 copypastas of varying lengths, themes, and qualities, yet here I am: this is largely due to the joy of both contributing to an international community that, for once, does not have nefarious purposes and of course, the communities reaction, which never fails to disappoint no matter what they are.

Now, I am aware that there may be a few people not convinced by this tribute, who may still believe this place is nothing special, and to those people, let me present you with a single line of text: "I have over 300 confirmed kills." Name another community where so many feels could be brought on by a statement so simple. With millions of unknown copypasta out there, with hundreds of thousands archived, with thousands created - this subreddit is a work of bizarre yet brilliant art - original or not.

I end this tribute with a list of my personal favorite copypastas - obviously, I can't include all of them and, remember, I'm not even an OG here, but it's a list nevertheless (I'll restrain from cheekily including my own creations):

​

A girl.... AND a gamer?

Gorilla Warfare/Navy Seal - Variations.

My grandfather smoked his whole life.

You swine. You vulgar little maggot. You worthless bag of filth.

Infinite cum.

​

There are many more that I could mention, but I digress. Rest in peace Cummy, and the rest.

TL;DR: This subreddit is my favorite ever-growing tumor.